# Buy from GOG!
**URL:** https://www.gog.com/en/game/silent_hill_4_the_room
**Page Title:** Silent Hill 4: The Room on GOG.com
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider c Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 12 Learn more about this provider yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage eu-assets.i.posthog.com 1 dmn_chk_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gog.com 3 cart_token Required for working cart for not logged in users. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie csrf Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie uqid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 200 days Type : HTTP Cookie id5-sync.com www.gog.com 4 id5id_cached_consent_data [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage id5id_cached_consent_data_exp [x2] Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lp.gog.com 1 AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie lp.gog.com consent.cookiebot.com 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie productcard.gog-statics.com 1 optout Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie profiles-static.gog.com 1 what-intent Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 1 SERVERID This cookie is used to assign the visitor to a specific server - this function is necessary for the functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie themenectar.com twitter.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.gog.com 2 currencyRates Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage device_view This cookie is used to determine which type of device the visitor is using, so the website can be properly formatted. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie www.recaptcha.net 4 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- RTB House 2 Learn more about this provider c Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 12 Learn more about this provider yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- eu-assets.i.posthog.com 1 dmn_chk_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- gog.com 3 cart_token Required for working cart for not logged in users. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie csrf Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie uqid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 200 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- id5-sync.com www.gog.com 4 id5id_cached_consent_data [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage id5id_cached_consent_data_exp [x2] Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- lp.gog.com 1 AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- lp.gog.com consent.cookiebot.com 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- productcard.gog-statics.com 1 optout Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- profiles-static.gog.com 1 what-intent Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 1 SERVERID This cookie is used to assign the visitor to a specific server - this function is necessary for the functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- themenectar.com twitter.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.gog.com 2 currencyRates Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage device_view This cookie is used to determine which type of device the visitor is using, so the website can be properly formatted. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.recaptcha.net 4 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. RTB House 1 Learn more about this provider g Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider tf_respondent_cc Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie lp.gog.com 1 tf_random_id Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- RTB House 1 Learn more about this provider g Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider tf_respondent_cc Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- lp.gog.com 1 tf_random_id Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Linkedin 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie Sales Manago 2 Learn more about this provider _smvs Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie smforms Collects data of the user's website navigation and activity, including name and contact details entered into forms. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie eu-assets.i.posthog.com 4 ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_posthog [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie gogalaxy.gog-statics.com 8 campaign_fbclid Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_gclid Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_referrer Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_campaign Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_content Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_medium Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_source Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_term Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaVisitorUuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Appnexus 1 Learn more about this provider bounce Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Linkedin 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Sales Manago 2 Learn more about this provider _smvs Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie smforms Collects data of the user's website navigation and activity, including name and contact details entered into forms. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- eu-assets.i.posthog.com 4 ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_posthog [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- gogalaxy.gog-statics.com 8 campaign_fbclid Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_gclid Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_referrer Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_campaign Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_content Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_medium Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_source Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie campaign_utm_term Marks campaign data for internal analytical system. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaVisitorUuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider fbssls_ Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Criteo 7 Learn more about this provider criteo-id5id-fast-track Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cto_bundle [x2] Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie uid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cto_tld_test [x2] Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie criteo_write_test Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker csi Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ID5 1 Learn more about this provider id5 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie RTB House 4 Learn more about this provider __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __rtbh.uid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __rtbh.uid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Sales Manago 1 Learn more about this provider smvr Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie TikTok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider attribution_user_id Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie tracking_session_id Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie connect.facebook.net store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 2 _fbp [x2] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie id5-sync.com www.gog.com 6 id5id_* [x2] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage id5id_extensions [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage id5id_v2_3856268834750531 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lp.gog.com 2 #-visitorId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage grUuidHasBeenSet Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage meta 1 META CAPI Meta Conversions API creates additional way to pass conversion data (server side) and helps enable ad personalization, optimization and measurement across Meta technologies. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : Pixel Tracker productcard.gog-statics.com 3 log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie server-side-tagging-uhdgomz7ma-lm.a.run.app 1 _dcid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 1 _smvc Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.recaptcha.net 1 rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider fbssls_ Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Appnexus 3 Learn more about this provider anj Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie uuid2 Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie XANDR_PANID This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Criteo 7 Learn more about this provider criteo-id5id-fast-track Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cto_bundle [x2] Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie uid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cto_tld_test [x2] Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie criteo_write_test Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker csi Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- ID5 1 Learn more about this provider id5 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- RTB House 4 Learn more about this provider __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __rtbh.uid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __rtbh.lid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __rtbh.uid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Sales Manago 1 Learn more about this provider smvr Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- TikTok 5 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider attribution_user_id Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie tracking_session_id Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- connect.facebook.net store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 2 _fbp [x2] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- id5-sync.com www.gog.com 6 id5id_* [x2] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage id5id_extensions [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage id5id_v2_3856268834750531 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- lp.gog.com 2 #-visitorId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage grUuidHasBeenSet Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- meta 1 META CAPI Meta Conversions API creates additional way to pass conversion data (server side) and helps enable ad personalization, optimization and measurement across Meta technologies. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : Pixel Tracker
- productcard.gog-statics.com 3 log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker cto_bundle Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- server-side-tagging-uhdgomz7ma-lm.a.run.app 1 _dcid Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 1 _smvc Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.recaptcha.net 1 rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Sales Manago 1 Learn more about this provider A/N (6) Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_CPKRP2JC77U5SPBHKFLG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie gog.com 1 gnews Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lp.gog.com 2 rm[variantVersion] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie squeeze-page Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie menu-static.gog-statics.com 21 dataClient_menuData Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_cart Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_de-DE_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_DE_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_MX_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_REST_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_US_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_pl-PL_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_ru-RU_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_workHeaderAnimationWasSeen Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_cart Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_de-DE_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_en-US_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_en-US_REST_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_pl-PL_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_ru-RU_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsInstance_expiryDate Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsInstance_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsVisit_expiryDate Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsVisit_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage productcard.gog-statics.com 1 yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage profiles-static.gog.com 2 prof-others-filters-achievementsMatcher Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage prof-others-filters-usersList Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 3 _smfp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _gtmeec Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie smclient Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaDomain-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.gog.com 2 ngStorage-user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage top_user_html Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Sales Manago 1 Learn more about this provider A/N (6) Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_CPKRP2JC77U5SPBHKFLG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- gog.com 1 gnews Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- lp.gog.com 2 rm[variantVersion] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie squeeze-page Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- menu-static.gog-statics.com 21 dataClient_menuData Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_cart Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_de-DE_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_DE_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_MX_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_REST_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_en-US_US_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_pl-PL_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_storeGamesData_ru-RU_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_anonymous_workHeaderAnimationWasSeen Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_cart Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_de-DE_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_en-US_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_en-US_REST_USD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_pl-PL_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gog_undefined_storeGamesData_ru-RU_DE_EUR Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsInstance_expiryDate Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsInstance_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsVisit_expiryDate Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage insightsVisit_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- productcard.gog-statics.com 1 yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- profiles-static.gog.com 2 prof-others-filters-achievementsMatcher Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage prof-others-filters-usersList Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- store-static-modular.gog-statics.com 3 _smfp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _gtmeec Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie smclient Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaDomain-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.gog.com 2 ngStorage-user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage top_user_html Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. We also use similar technologies like scripts that are loaded when you visit our website or open our emails. We use them to know for example if you clicked on key elements on our site. So by cookies we mean cookies, scripts, tracking pixels or similar technologies that collect information on this site.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.  This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.  You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.  Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy .

## Silent Hill 4: The Room

4.4/5
( 1031 Reviews )
4.4
1031 Reviews
4.4/5
( 1031 Reviews )
4.4
1031 Reviews
Game length provided by HowLongToBeat
- A riveting Silent Hill adventure with shocking plot twists
- Fend off new monsters, including ghosts that defy physical reality.
- Visual transitions between 1st and 3rd person gameplay modes - the first in the series.
- Explore new environments, including an otherworldly forest and grisly prison.
© Konami Digital Entertainment
Game length provided by HowLongToBeat
[LINK: Team Silent](/games?developers=team-silent)
- This game will work on current and future most popular Windows PC configurations. DRM-free.
- This is the best version of this game you can buy on any PC platform.
- We are the only platform to provide tech support for the games we sell. If some issues with the game appear, our Tech Support will help you solve them.
- Implemented new video player for smooth and issue-free playback.
- Added support for new controllers e.g. Nintendo Switch 2 Pro.
- Added support for Galaxy overlay.
- Added support for new controllers.
- Reverse first person camera y-axis option now applies also to mouse.
- Improved compatibility with Windows 10 and 11.
- Fixed gray screen issue occurring after resolution changes.
- Fixed task switching using the Alt+Tab key combination.
- Fixed audio volume and panning for a more balanced sound experience.
- Added full support for various modern controllers, including Sony DualSense Edge, Amazon Luna, Google Stadia, and NVIDIA Shield controllers.
- Added support for controller hotplugging and vibrations.
- Adjusted default brightness and gamma to more closely match the PS2 version.
- Restored all missing hauntings for a complete gameplay experience.
- Validated stability.
- Fixed cropped game screen on AMD RDNA architecture graphics cards.
- Added full support for many popular modern controllers (including Sony DualSense, Sony DualShock 4, Sony DualShock 3, Microsoft Xbox Series X/S, Microsoft Xbox One X/S, Microsoft Xbox 360, Nintendo Switch Pro).
- Optimized default key binding.
- Fixed trigger buttons not working properly.
- Fixed right analog stick not working properly.
- Fixed pause screen image quality.
- Added full compatibility with Windows 7 and 10.
- Added support for widescreen resolutions (HD, FHD, 4K).
- New DirectX game renderer.
- Added new rendering options (Windowed Mode, Vertical Synchronization Control, Gamma Correction, Integer Scaling, Anti-Aliasing, and more).
- Increased cutscene framerate to 30fps.
- Disabled obsolete safe graphics options mode.
- Fixed minimum requirements check.
- Added Cloud Saves support.
Posted on: October 2, 2020
moxd
Games: 34 Reviews: 2
Okay, now SH 2 and 3
A VERY smooth port. I really hope 2 &amp; 3 release. Please Konami, do you want my money
Is this helpful to you?
Posted on: October 2, 2020
IrishBloodHound
Games: 33 Reviews: 1
The underrated gem of the series!
Often overlooked by fans of the series, this is easily the most terrifying game of them all! 
Looking past the clunky controls and AI, you find a survival horror game that plays like a Japanese ghost tale. 
Critics often point to the limited inventory, different to previous entries, but this only adds to the tension, particularly on hard difficulty, a plus in my opinion! 
Your apartment is your safe haven, but gradually you realize it's changing and you are no longer safe as much there, as anywhere else. 
The second half of the game will ultimately decide how you feel, it can be frustrating or add to the tension.

As a port Silent Hill 4's GOG version is solid so far! High resolution support and 30fps cutscenes, a change from the original 15fps cutscenes! 
I have yet to see whether some of the apartment hauntings that were originally cut from the PC version, have been restored. Either way this is great for Silent Hill and horror fans alike! Perhaps we will see 2 and 3 get the same treatment? I highly recommend this game, especially if you are looking to get scared during October! Thanks GOG!
Is this helpful to you?
Posted on: October 2, 2020
starmann27
Games: 15 Reviews: 2
Finally!!!
Thanks a lot GOG for releasing this cult horror classic. I really look forward to and hope for the release of parts 2 and 3.
Is this helpful to you?
Posted on: October 2, 2020
Slick_JMista
Games: 526 Reviews: 38
Finish the 21 Sacraments
Regardless of what people may tellyou about it's clunky controls and UI, this game is undoubtedly the creepiest in the Team Silent Quadrilogy.
Is this helpful to you?
Posted on: October 2, 2020
coolguyz101
Games: 100 Reviews: 2
joy
im so happy they added it cant wait for the others im so happy i can explode with joy
Is this helpful to you?
Something went wrong. Try refresh page.

## Add a review

## Edit a review

- What kept you playing?
- What kind of gamer would enjoy this?
- Was the game fair, tough, or just right?
- What’s one feature that really stood out?
- Did the game run well on your setup?
No reviews matching your criteria
Your review should focus on your in-game experience only. Let the game stand entirely on its own merits.
To discuss topics such as news, pricing, or community, use our forums . To request new games and website or GOG GALAXY features, use the community wishlist . To get technical support for your game contact our support team .
To keep our review sections clean and helpful, we will remove any reviews that break these guidelines or our terms of use .
Error loading patrons. Please refresh the page and try again.

## Delete this review?

## Report this review

### Additional Details (required):

## Report this review

OUR WEBSITE USES COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES. We use cookies in order to make our website functional. We can also use cookies and related technologies (both our or our partners) to improve and personalize content, for marketing or statistical and analytical purposes. If you wish to accept all of the above, click “Allow all”. If you do not agree with us using any cookies and related technologies except the strictly necessary, click “Reject all”. Click “Settings” to review and change your preferences.You can manage your choices at any time by clicking the ‘Cookie Declaration’ button in the GOG footer. The controller of your personal data will be GOG and, in some cases, our Trusted Partners. Please see our Privacy Policy for more details, including information on your rights.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. We also use similar technologies like scripts that are loaded when you visit our website or open our emails. We use them to know for example if you clicked on key elements on our site. So by cookies we mean cookies, scripts, tracking pixels or similar technologies that collect information on this site.
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.  This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.  You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.  Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy .
Your consent applies to the following domains: www.gog.com
Your consent ID: 0 Consent date:
Cookie declaration last updated on 15/01/2026 by Cookiebot :
Necessary (38)
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences (3)
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Statistics (21)
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
Marketing (71)
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
Unclassified (35)
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.

--------------------