# FAQ
**URL:** https://help.opera.com/en/faq
**Page Title:** FAQ - Opera Help
--------------------

- Hover over any entry and click the x that appears on the right to delete an item.
- To clear all browsing history, including cookies and more, click the Clear browsing data button on the top-right of the History page. Read more about clearing browsing data .
- To remove an individual password, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Password Manager , click the interested website, and click Delete .
- To remove all passwords, go to Settings > Privacy & Security and click Clear browsing data . In the pop-up window, click Advanced , select the Passwords and other sign-in data box, and click Clear data .
- In Opera, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Password Manager . On the left side, click Settings , and click Download file to Export passwords . Save the file and transfer it to your new PC.
- Still in Opera, on the new computer, go to Settings > Privacy & Security > Password Manager . On the left side, click Settings , and click Select file to Import passwords . Find the saved CSV file and import it into the browser.
- Click the heart icon on the left sidebar to go to your bookmark manager.
- Alternatively, you can select Bookmarks > Bookmarks from the menu .
- Or just use the keyboard shortcut ( Ctrl + Shift + B ).
- Click the pen icon to edit your bookmark’s name or location.
- Click the x to move the bookmark to your trash folder.
- You can rearrange your bookmarks by dragging and dropping them on the page.
- To send a web page link, click the Send to My Flow icon in the address and search bar.
- You can also highlight text on a web page and click Send text to My Flow in the search pop-up.
- To send files from your desktop, open My Flow from your sidebar. From there, you can drag and drop files or click the upload button to search for the file on your computer.
- Refresh My Flow. To do so, click the Reload button at the top of the My Flow panel.
- If refreshing fails, you may need to perform an Emergency reset. Click the menu and click Emergency Reset . After the emergency reset, you will need to re-connect My Flow with Opera for mobile.
- Go to Settings > Privacy protection and turn on Block ads and surf the web up to three times faster . There you can also manage exceptions and lists for ad blocker.
- You can also enable/disable ad blocker in the Easy setup menu in the top-right corner of your browser.
- On the right side of the combined address and search bar you can see a small badge . Click on the badge for more information, including the number of blocked ads and trackers.
- For Windows and Linux users, go to the Menu > Developer > Developer tools . You can also use the keyboard shortcut ( Ctrl+Shift+I ).
- For Mac users, select View > Show Developer Menu . A new submenu called Developer will appear on the menu bar. To use the tools, select Developer > Developer tools .
- Most of the time, if there’s a crash, simply restarting Opera solves the problem.
- If restarting your browser does not solve the problem, you can try a clean install . Backing up your Opera files first is recommended.
- If a clean install does not help, submit a bug report . Compress your Opera profile folder using .zip, .rar, or 7zip, and send it along with your report. If you find the file that made Opera crash, please specify it in the bug report.
- Uninstall the Opera application from your computer.
- Delete your Opera profile data.
- Download the latest version of Opera .
- Install your new, clean version.
- On Windows or Linux, select the Menu > Help > Report an issue .
- On Mac, from the menu, select Help > Report an Issue .
- You may also use our bug report wizard to tell us about the issue.
- Go to Opera’s download page .
- Click the Download button.
- Download the installer file to your system or to a portable storage device.
- Move the file to the computer where you want to install Opera.
- Open the file and proceed with the installation.
- For Windows or Linux go to the Menu > Zoom and click the + or – buttons, or use the keyboard shortcut ( Ctrl +/- ).
- On a Mac you can zoom in or out by selecting View > Zoom In / Zoom Out from the menu, or use the keyboard shortcut ( ⌘ +/- ).
- Opera also has fullscreen ( F11 ) and presentation modes for browsing without menus or toolbars. Read more about zooming options in Opera .
- Open the same page through a private window ( Ctrl or ⌘ +Shift+N ) and check the problem
- Clear cache and cookies in Settings > Privacy and security > Clear browsing data (or with Ctrl or ⌘ +Shift+Del )
- Disable your VPN by clicking the VPN icon in the combined address and search bar
- Update your browser to the newest version
- Hold down the Shift key and click the Reload button next to the address and search bar
- Press Ctrl + F5 (Windows, Linux)
- Press ⌘ + Shift + R (Mac)
- Enter the name of the search engine you want ( Ecosia , for example).
- Choose the keyword you would like to use as a shortcut in the search bar ( e , for example).
- Paste the URL with %s in place of the query, which means that instead of https://www.ecosia.org/ ? c=en you need to have http://ecosia.com/search ? q=%s

## How geolocation works

- MAC address (uniquely identifies the hardware)
- Signal strength (tells how far away it is)
- Turn on ad blocker
- Turn on tracker blocker
- Clear browsing data like your cache and cookies
- Close unused tabs
- Remove unused extensions
- Make sure your browser is up to date
- Uninstall and reinstall your browser
- Open Opera.
- Go to Settings .
- Under Synchronization , click the Sign in button.
- Open the Opera for Android app.
- Tap the profile icon in the bottom right corner.
- Tap the Guest field and simply Sign in .
- Open the Opera Mini app.
- Tap the menu and select the gear icon (settings).
- Tap Sync and then Sign in .
- Navigate to http://sync.opera.com/web/ .
- Select the Reset Passphrase button.
- 1. On your Mac, open Finder > Go > Go to Folder
- 2. In the Go to folder input box, type: /System/Library/CoreServices
- 3. In the resulting files, double-click the Rosetta 2 Installer
- 4. Follow the instructions provided to complete the installation
- 5. Restart Opera
[LINK: Apple’s developer website](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/apple_silicon/about_the_rosetta_translation_environment)

--------------------