# Gary Gensler
**URL:** https://nypost.com/2021/10/23/gary-genslers-overregulation-would-sink-meme-markets
**Page Title:** Gary Gensler's overregulation would sink ‘meme’ markets | New York Post
--------------------

BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. — Gary Gensler and his Democratic colleagues on the Securities and Exchange Commission will try to sell their long-awaited report on the “meme stock” trading frenzy as a clarion call for more regulation.
But if you remove the report’s propaganda, it shows that our markets work pretty well. Even better, small investors have never been protected more from abuse than they are today.
Of course, the Biden administration doesn’t want you to see the glass-half-full version of the trading madness that occurred earlier in the year. They want you to think something is wrong with the plumbing of the markets — and small investors need to be protected — since, for a few days, a handful of stocks soared to astronomical heights for no apparent reason other than people took joy in bidding them up.
Yes, the run-up in shares of Game­Stop, a has-been video-game retailer, or AMC Entertainment, a teetering movie-theater chain, was weird. Penny stocks trading like Amazon or Apple is a sign that the madness of crowds has taken over.
Don’t blame the markets or even Robinhood, the no-fee trading app that facilitated the frenzy. Blame the Fed.
The incentive for stock gambling comes from zero-percent interest rates and endless quantitative easing — the fancy term for the Fed flooding the zone with liquidity. The perfect conditions for people to trade stocks like they roll dice in Vegas.
But Gensler, the SEC chair, and his Dem cohorts would rather turn the meme spectacle into something it’s not — a scandal that mandates change. The word from Washington that made its way to financial titans attending the Milken Institute Global Conference in California last week is that Gensler will be using this recounting to ban practices like payment for order flow, and possibly force all trading to be completed on public stock markets instead of off-exchange venues.
Why? For Gensler, it’s about ambition. He wants to regulate everything from cryptos to market structure because he wants eventually to be named Treasury Secretary. The idea is to show he’s tough on Wall Street.
For the Biden administration, it’s a good way to score some class-warfare points as midterms approach. And their “bad guys” list starts with Robinhood, the no-fee brokerage app investors used to trade those meme stocks. Its sin, according to the report: Making trading fun with its easy-to-use app that is tapping into the masses’ penchant to gamble rather than invest.
Others on the target list: Citadel Securities and Virtu Financial, market makers that made a ton of money helping Robinhood run the alleged ­casino, the report said.
They did this through so-called payment for order flow. Robinhood is free for users because it sells its ­orders to these market makers. Citadel and Virtu then matched the buyers and sellers of the meme stocks and skimmed some nice fees off the bid-ask spreads. This club of Robinhood, Citadel and Virtu might have secret dealings that are harmful to the little guy; investors might be paying no commissions, but they could be losing money on the market makers’ ­execution.
Even worse, much of this activity was conducted through what the report labels “off-exchange market makers,” and venues derisively known as “dark pools.” They are dark and allegedly sinister because these markets don’t post their prices publicly and are used by the ­financial elites possibly to screw people, the report suggests.
Yet on closer look, dark pools aren’t so sinister, the report also shows, particularly considering the system they replaced.
Gensler would like to return to the good old days when the vast majority of market action occurred on the floor of NYSE or the Nasdaq in full public view with less opportunity for alleged corruption.
But the history of NYSE market making is hardly devoid of small investor rip-offs. Meanwhile the off-exchange trades are heavily regulated — like everything else on Wall Street. Brokers are mandated to provide best execution, which is why they turn to off-exchange venues. The investor orders are typically executed at better prices than in public exchanges for a lot of reasons. Brokers can move orders to competing venues at a lower cost for small investors.
Don’t believe me. Just read the report, which points out that the vast majority of the market making in shares of GameStop during the frenzy occurred outside of the NYSE or Nasdaq without a mention of small investors being conned.
Now take the report’s findings on payment for order flow. “These payments can create a conflict of interest,” the report says. I’m sure they can but they didn’t. How do I know? The report didn’t mention small investors getting hosed. Given Gensler’s vast ambitions, if Citadel was screwing Robinhood customers, we’d all know about it by now.
Yes, there were hiccups during the meme insanity— Robinhood couldn’t handle the volume of orders and ceased trading in the stocks. A hedge fund nearly went out of business and was bailed out in part by Citadel.
But the system worked, which is obvious as you read through Gensler’s agitprop and focus on his actual findings.

## Take control of your search

Evade the Big Tech censors and get more of the news you trust.
More on Google preferred sources
Strictly necessary cookies are essential for the website to function correctly. These cookies may also be used to assist in fraud prevention and security. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but without them, performance of the site may be affected and you may not be able to take full advantage of all services and/or features of the site.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
If you are a resident of a U.S. state in which home delivery of the print edition of New York Post is available and currently subscribe (or are a former subscriber), you may opt out of offline third party sales by using the “Submit an Opt Out Request” link below. Submit an Opt Out Request
If you do not wish for us or our third party partners such as advertising networks and social media platforms to sell or share your personal information to others, please click the red "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out” button provided below. If you access this site and/or app from other devices or browsers, or clear your cookies on your devices or browsers, you will need to indicate your preferences again from those devices or browsers. Please note that after making your “Do Not Sell or Share” request, you may still see advertising and we may continue to share personal information with our service providers who use such information on our behalf. To learn more about interest-based advertising across sites and additional opt-out choices, you can visit http://optout.aboutads.info and http://optout.networkadvertising.org .
Functionality cookies collect information regarding your choices and preferences (such as, your language preference, user name, or location) to provide a more personalized online experience and show you content relevant to where you are, such as customizing a certain webpage or remembering if we have asked you to sign up for our Services.  With mobile or other internet enabled devices, functionality cookies may collect a unique identifier assigned to an internet enabled device (mobile, tablet), geolocation data or other traffic information for that device.  These features help us improve your experience with the website, for example, to determine the appropriate device location during a session or count articles viewed.
We and our service providers, such as Google Analytics, use analytics cookies to collect information about your use of the website to help create reports and statistics on the performance of the website, which enable us to improve the way the site works.  Analytics cookies collect information such as your IP address, type of device, operating system, referring URLs, country information data and time of page visits, and pages visited.  This information allows us to identify overall patterns of usage on the website, and help us record any difficulties you have with website.
Unknown
These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.    If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.    If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.

### Cookie List

- checkbox label label

--------------------