# 12B
**URL:** https://huggingface.co/litert-community/Gemma3-12B-IT
**Page Title:** litert-community/Gemma3-12B-IT · Hugging Face
--------------------


## Access Gemma3-12B-IT on Hugging Face

This repository is publicly accessible, but you have to accept the conditions to access its files and content .
To access Gemma3-12B-IT on Hugging Face, you are required to review and agree to the gemma license. To do this, please ensure you are logged in to Hugging Face and click below. Requests are processed immediately.
Log in or Sign Up to review the conditions and access this model content.

## litert-community/Gemma3-12B-IT

This model provides a few variants of google/Gemma-3-12B-IT that are ready for
deployment on Web using the MediaPipe LLM Inference API .
[LINK: MediaPipe LLM Inference API](https://ai.google.dev/edge/mediapipe/solutions/genai/llm_inference)

### Web

- Build and run our sample web app .
[LINK: sample web app](https://github.com/google-ai-edge/mediapipe-samples/blob/main/examples/llm_inference/js/README.md)
To add the model to your web app, please follow the instructions in our documentation .
[LINK: documentation](https://ai.google.dev/edge/mediapipe/solutions/genai/llm_inference/web_js)

## Performance

### Web

Note that all benchmark stats are from a MacBook Pro 2024 (Apple M4 Max chip) with 1280 KV cache size, 1024 tokens prefill, and 256 tokens decode, running in Chrome.
F16
int8
GPU
382 tk/s
17 tk/s
5.51 s
12.3 GB
1.1 GB
11.79 GB
F32
int8
GPU
226 tk/s
17 tk/s
5.47 s
13.0 GB
1.1 GB
11.79 GB
F16
int4
GPU
384 tk/s
23 tk/s
3.63 s
8.4 GB
1.1 GB
7.55 GB
F32
int4
GPU
229 tk/s
23 tk/s
3.58 s
9.0 GB
1.1 GB
7.55 GB
F16
Q4_0
GPU
385 tk/s
22 tk/s
4.48 s
8.9 GB
1.2 GB
8.60 GB
F32
Q4_0
GPU
229 tk/s
22 tk/s
4.20 s
10.1 GB
1.2 GB
8.60 GB
- Model size: measured by the size of the .tflite flatbuffer (serialization format for LiteRT models).
- int8: quantized model with int8 weights and float activations.
- int4: quantized model with int4 weights and float activations.
- Q4_0: QAT quantized model with blockwise int4 weights and float activations.
- GPU memory: measured by "GPU Process" memory for all of Chrome while running. Chrome was measured as using 130-530MB before any model loading took place.
- CPU memory: measured for the entire tab while running. Tab was measured as using 30-60MB before any model loading took place.
[LINK: How to track](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats)

## Model tree for litert-community/Gemma3-12B-IT

Base model

## Spaces using litert-community/Gemma3-12B-IT 3

## Collections including litert-community/Gemma3-12B-IT


--------------------