# 15Five
**URL:** https://www.15five.com
**Page Title:** Continuous Performance Management Software | 15Five
--------------------

We value your privacy
By continuing, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Click here to read our Cookie Policy.
We use third-party cookies that help us analyse how you use this website, store your preferences, and provide the content and advertisements that are relevant to you. However, you can opt out of these cookies by checking "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and clicking the "Save My Preferences" button. Once you opt out, you can opt in again at any time by unchecking "Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information" and clicking the "Save My Preferences" button.

## The AI-powered performance management platform built for business impact

The AI-powered all-in-one people management system that’s easy to use, delivers effortless insights, and enables managers to lead with impact

## You’re in good company.

Over 3,000 companies trust 15Five to increase employee engagment, performance, and retention
"We’ve got retention of around the 94% percent mark. When someone has that feeling that their manager understands them, so much good can come from that."
Kirsti Grant
VP of People Experience, Auror
"Since we've implemented 15Five, we have seen improvements from a turnover perspective. We've gone from 40% turnover to 32% turnover."
Karee Vernon
VP of Human Resources, Kreg Tools
"We’ve been able to grow our people and organizational strategy with 15Five, and it has been exponential…Now, I have tangible data that shares the story, and the numbers behind it. That lets us explain why we need to make a shift, or implement a new program or policy."
Stephanie Smith
SVP of People & Culture, Tagboard
"15Five is distinct from our HRIS/payroll system and is essential to how we practice HR—the employee engagement and development side. 15Five keeps everything in one place and helps us build stronger relationships across the company."
Jennifer Sobocinski
Senior Director of People & Culture, ReUp Education
"We all know that HR can't impact engagement, performance, and retention alone. We need managers to be a driving force of change. 15Five helps us connect the dots between our HR initiatives, manager effectiveness, and business results."
Scott Morgan
Head of People Growth, Pendo

## Insights. Action. Impact.

Turn effortless insights into meaningful action that drives engagement, performance, and real business results.
PERFORM
ENGAGE
COMPENSATION
MANAGER PRODUCTS
OUTCOMES DASHBOARD

### Performance Reviews. Reimagined with AI

Intelligent performance management that turns data into insights and action—easy to use, intuitive, and ready to set up in minutes.
- Develop consistent and fair measures of performance
- Use AI to make review writing faster and less biased
- Track progress and learn from insights

### Turn employee feedback into real progress

Get to the heart of engagement with AI-powered insights that reveal what matters most. Collect feedback, spot trends, and take confident action that drives measurable change.
- Predictive analytics that surface key engagement drivers
- Flexible surveys for every stage of the employee experience
- Built-in action planning to boost performance and retention

### Bridge Pay & Performance

Drive fair pay and retention by bringing performance insights into compensation decisions that empower both HR and employees.
- Compensation Insights
- Pay Ranges Management
- Real-Time Benchmarking
- Employee Total Rewards Dashboard

### Turn your managers into your biggest growth engine

Upskill managers at all levels with data-driven, AI-powered, best-in-class manager enablement.
- Kona – AI Assistant and coach
- Group & 1:1 Coaching
- On-demand Content Library

### HR's strategic command center

Where employee performance, retention, and engagement isn’t just measured - it’s maximized. Diagnose, plan, and take action on your team's most important metrics, all in one place.
- Trending insights and data visualizations
- Demographic and performance filters
- Shareable executive dashboards
- Centralized, strategic action planning & impact reporting

## Real solutions for every team

### Connect to your HRIS and other platforms in minutes

## Over 3,000 organizations

trust 15Five to increase employee engagement, performance, and retention
"15Five is the perfect tool for performance management."
Supriya T.
"We LOVE 15Five!"
Lynn R.
"Fabulous software and even better team."
Bri A.
"Best in its category and a must have tool for any high growth company."
Quirin S.
"Productive and transparent performance management for all!"
Zach E.
"Easy to set up and manage."
Reema M.

## Ready to drive extraordinary performance?


--------------------