# 1of10
**URL:** https://1of10.com
**Page Title:** Best YouTube AI Tool for More Views: Research Viral Ideas
--------------------

10,000+ Users

## Skyrocket your views on YouTube

## Additional YouTube Growth Tools

## Advanced Filters

### Find a YouTube video that fits your specifications

## Similar Topic

### Search for similar ideas

## Competitor Tracker

### Track YouTube Competitors and Find Trending Ideas

## Ai Idea Generator

### Get inspired by viral YouTube videos and generate unique ideas in just a few seconds.

## Bookmarks

### Save specific YouTube videos into individual folders to streamline your ideation

## Shorts Outliers

### Everything applies to Shorts too

## Viral Video Examples: Proof This Works

Below are some REAL examples of viral videos that have been generate using 1of10 and the inspiration they used.
By identifying an outlier video on airless tires that achieved 18 Million views, more than 6x the average views for its YouTube channel, this creator sparked the idea for a unique project: building an airless bike. But it doesn't end with the idea, a good YouTube thumbnail can make or break a videos success. So to create the perfect thumbnail, this creator took inspiration for the angle from a Ryan Trahan penny series video, and took the 'Airless' aesthetic from the recently viral airless basket ball.
The result? 2.6 Million views and a 185.7x outlier for his channel.
The YouTube video's core format 'testing banned' products, was inspired by a number of similar outliers, such as, the Airsoft video highlighted. He also knew there was likely a high interest in dangerous energy drinks based on his previous YouTube video around pre-workouts, which performed well.
Furthermore, the video's thumbnail drew inspiration from MKBHD's close-up product shot, with the creator out of focus on the backdrop and Ryan Trahan's iconic '1-star review' widget to build curiosity.
The outcome? 4.3 Million views in the first month.
Pricing

## Our Pricing Plans

Explore our flexible pricing plans designed to fit your budget.
Monthly
Yearly
Get 40% off with yearly, up to $240 in savings
Basic
$29
/month
$588
$349 /year
Start Subscription
What's Included
Track millions of outliers.
Bookmark Videos
Track Competitor Channels
Niche Explorer
And More…
Pro
$69
/month
$1068
$828/year
Start Subscription
What's Included
Everything in Basic Plan
AI Thumbnail Generator
AI Title Generator
Testimonials

## How Our Users Found Viral YouTube Video Ideas With 1of10.

Read how our users have achieved success and improved their content with the 1of10 tool.

### Colin and Samir ✌🏼✌🏾

@ColinandSamir
@Richard_YTS @colinrosenblum @samirchaudry @RiadEtm proud subscribers of 1of10.com absolutely love it.

### Amy Macedo

@AmyMacedo
"I always know that I have somewhere to go for title and thumbnail inspirations!"

### Olly Richards

@storylearning
"The last 2 videos were inspired from 1of10 and were out-performers!"

### Seth Fowler

@sethfowIer
@DSzajnuk @Kovalo @MisfitsGG Focus on finding outliers in your niche/niches with similar target demographics and then replicate for initial growth
1of10.com is an amazing tool for this, made by @Richard_YTS .
Worth the investment

### Greg Preece

@thegregpreece
Well, that's my last 3 hours lost to 1of10.com ...
What a great tool for finding YouTube video ideas!
Great work @Richard_YTS and the rest of the team. You're pushing the industry forwards 👏

### Ed Lawrence

@Ed_FilmBooth
Playing with @Richard_YTS new YouTube tool. Seeing patterns within the first 2 minutes of using it.. this is looking super promising

### Mauricio Mozo

@MauricioMozo5
Everyone is asking me about what tool we use for finding ideas.
Well...
This is the hiding tool that we use
For all our clients in our agency:
This tool is called 1of10
And is just UNIQUE!
It allows us to select different outliers,
That later,
In our Ideation Process

### Zachary Staines

@zacharystaines
"I've got a kickstart to start another video!"

### Max Fosh

@max_fosh
@Richard_YTS It’s a great product!

### CHEFPK

@CHEFPK
"1of10 will help you find ideas in and outside of your niche!"

### InternetCity

@InternetCity
"1of10 is BY FAR the best Youtube Tool!"

### Ricky Comiskey

@rickysguitar
"I've been using the tool for a couple of weeks and has helped me shape the future of my channel!"

### Tim Haubeil

@timhaubeil
This is such a sick tool! I've been able to play around with it quite a bit during testing and it's been very useful for finding inspiration and looking at outliers I would have never come across on YT.
And it's only going to get better, so check it out!📈

### Vexian

@Vexian_
This is a game-changer imo. Makes my job 10x easier

## Frequently Asked Questions

What Is An Outlier?
How does 1of10 Finder work?
How this tool helps you to find ideas, titles and thumbnails?
Why should I choose 1of10 over competitors?
What if I want to cancel?
Our Blogs

## Learn How to Grow Your YouTube Channel and Get More Views.

Dive into our blog for expert insights, tips, and industry trends to elevate your YouTube knowledge.
YouTube Strategy
Dec 8, 2024

### How To Get More Views On YouTube

YouTube Strategy
Mar 10, 2025

### Reach 4,000 YouTube Watch Hours

YouTube Strategy
Mar 10, 2025

### Boost Your YouTube Video Rank

YouTube Strategy
Mar 10, 2025

### How to Grow a YouTube Channel

YouTube Strategy
Feb 21, 2025

### How To Make Money On YouTube

YouTube Strategy
Mar 10, 2025

### How To Reach 4,000 Hours Of Watch Time

View All Blogs

--------------------