# 48 Club
**URL:** https://48.club
**Page Title:** 48 Club® | First ever DAO on BNB Chain
--------------------

### (Raw Extraction Fallback)

Stake
48er
48SP
Vote
Farm
Delegate
More
BSC
Connect to wallet
48 Club®
First DAO ever on BNB Chain
48 Club® was founded in Sept. 2017 by a diverse and tight-knit group of investors with a common passion for BNB. We now have over 500 club members with various backgrounds hailing from all over the world. 48 Club® is run as a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) and its main areas of operations and expertise are industry research, angel investment, product development, community development and management, and technical operations and maintenance.

KOGE WHITEPAPER
48 Club® Major Initiatives
Node Construction
48 Club® actively participates in infrastructure construction of BNB Chain and related ecosystems. We are currently validating BNB Smart Chain.
48 Club® Treasury
The club maintains a treasury fund to finance its daily operations and projects. These projects include angel investments, project incubation, yield farming, secondary market operations, and more. Club members receive regular updates on the Treasury’s status and asset details.
Koge - 48 Club®’s Native Governance Token and the Core of its Ecosystem
Koge is a token minted and issued by 48 Club®. It represents the voting power to participate in 48 Club®’s open governance. Koge holders may also enjoy the benefits provided by the club.
Koge contract: 48 Club® Token
Strategic Partners
48 Club® was founded in Sept. 2017 by a diverse and tight-knit group of investors with a common passion for BNB. We now have over 500 club members with various backgrounds hailing from all over the world. 48 Club® is run as a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) and its main areas of operations and expertise are industry research, angel investment, product development, community development and management, and technical operations and maintenance.

© 2022 48 Club®
SECURED BY SSL
Website
Home
Committee
Delegate
Milestones
Stake
48er
48SP
Vote
Farm
Documents
Follow 48
Twitter
Telegram
Github
Discord
Medium
MEV Protected RPC
https://rpc.48.club
https://0.48.club (Soul>=48)

--------------------