# 4DDiG
**URL:** https://4ddig.tenorshare.com/photo-repair.html
**Page Title:** [OFFICIAL] 4DDiG Photo Repair & Restoration Tool with AI Tech
--------------------

4DDiG Photo Repair (Mac) AI-Powered

## Repair, Enhance, Colorize, & Extend Images with AI Repair, Enhance, Colorize, & Extend Images with AI

- Repair corrupted, damaged, blurry or pixelated photos.
- AI-enhance photo quality, sharpen detail, and remove noise.
- Colorize old black & white photos with AI in seconds.
- Uncrop or expand images with AI in all directions based on prompts,
                preserving high quality. NEW
- AI restore old photos that are damaged, faded or scratched to their
                former glory automatically.
- Support converting PNG, HEIC, CR2, BMP to JPG NEW
- Support repairing various image formats including JPG, JPEG, PNG,
                RAW, SRW, CRW,
                RAF, SVG, TIFF, CR2, DNG, HEIC, etc.
- Up to 3,000 pictures can be repaired at one time.
Win 11/10/8.1/8/7
macOS 15-10.12
For win 11/10/8.1/8/7
"4DDiG File Repair, a simple yet efficient tool
                        that can improve the quality of your
                        pixelated or overexposed photos
                        in batch mode."
"We were truly amazed by
                        the remarkable ability of 4DDiG Photo Repair to effortlessly restore severely damaged photos.
                        The software's advanced algorithms
                        work wonders
                        in restoring images to their former glory."
"4DDiG Photo Repair is a professional photo repair and
                        restoration utility
                        that can help users quickly regain access
                        to their damaged or corrupted phptos and restore
                        the various negative artifacts present in the images."
"4DDiG File Repair, a simple yet efficient tool
                        that can improve the quality of your
                        pixelated or overexposed photos
                        in batch mode."
"We were truly amazed by
                        the remarkable ability of 4DDiG Photo Repair to effortlessly restore severely damaged photos.
                        The software's advanced algorithms
                        work wonders
                        in restoring images to their former glory."
"We were truly amazed by
                        the remarkable ability of 4DDiG Photo Repair to effortlessly restore severely damaged photos.
                        The software's advanced algorithms
                        work wonders
                        in restoring images to their former glory."
"4DDiG Photo Repair is a professional photo repair and restoration utility
                        that can help users quickly regain access
                        to their damaged or corrupted phptos and restore
                        the various negative artifacts present in the images."
"4DDiG File Repair, a simple yet efficient tool
                        that can improve the quality of your
                        pixelated or overexposed photos
                        in batch mode."
4.8

## Repair Photos with
            Ease ,
          No Matter the Corruption

Struggling to repair corrupted photos? Yearning to bring
          your inaccessible, greyed-out, overposed or flawed photos back to life? Look no further than 4DDiG Photo
          Repair. No matter how badly your photos get damaged, this powerful photo repair software effortlessly
          restores your photos to their original quality in seconds.
Grey out image
Damaged colors in images
Photos not opening
Wrong colors in image
Damaged/Missing picture header
Heavily damaged picture data
Image stitching error
Missing picture header
Overexposed or underexplosed photos
Grey areas in image
Damaged colors in imaged
cannot be opened
Wrong colors in image
Damaged/Missing picture header
Heavily damaged picture data
Image stitching error
Missing picture header
Overexposed or underexplosed photos

## Enhance Photo Quality with AI
          Magic , Embrace Clarity

Harness the power of AI, our photo enhancer helps to enhance photo quality
            and transform your low-quality, blurry, or pixelated photos into amazing
            masterpieces. In just one click, witness how it make your images clearer and sharper.
- General Model
General Model
- Denoise Model
Denoise Model
- Face Model
Face Model

## Restore and Colorize B&W Photos, Revive Your Past

### Restore Damaged Old Photos

Witness the magic of restoration like never before, see how instantly our
              AI photo restorer
              removes scratches, dust, tears, and other blemishes from your cherished old photos.

### Enhance & Improve Face Clarity

Whether it's an old or recent picture, our AI photo restoration software
              identifies
              faces and facial features,
              enhancing them to HD quality before colorization.

### Auto-Colorize B&W Photos

Explore our remarkable AI Photo Colorizer that automatically colorizes any
              black-and-white photo. Get stunning, true-to-life colors, every single time.

## Wide Support for
        Different
        Formats & Devices

4DDiG Photo Repair boasts seamless
        compatibility
        with a diverse array of file formats,
        ensuring efficient photo repair on both Windows PC and Mac platforms.

### Repair Various Photo File Types

4DDiG Photo Repair excels at repairing a wide range of photo file formats,
                  including popular ones like JPG, JPEG, ARW, CR2, ERF, NEF, PEF, ORF, RAW, SRW, SVG, TIFF, CR2, DNG
                  and many more.

### Fix Photos Saved in Any Device

4DDiG Photo Repair works seamlessly with a wide range of devices, including Windows and Mac
                  computer drives, USB flash drives, memory sticks, SD cards, digital cameras, drones, CCTV, and more.

## Convert PNG, HEIC, CR2,
          BMP, etc. to JPG New
            Featrue!

Easily turn any image format into JPG to ensure
          smooth
          repair and enhancement.

## Explore More Remarkable Features

There are more awesome features embedded in
        4DDIG
        Photo Repair, which make it a great choice for photo repairing.
It is exceptionally fast and can repair corrupt images without
              any
              complication.
Effortlessly repair even the most heavily damaged photos,
              restoring them to
              life
              with exceptional precision and clarity.
The software can simultaneously repair, enhance and colorize up
              to 3,000 images at one
              go from any
              device.
4DDiG Photo Repair enables you to preivew the fixed images
              before saving
              them.

## See How 4DDiG Photo Repair Works

Select "Photo Repair"
                  and click "Add Photos" to add one or
                  multiple corrupted photos for repair.
Click the "Repair All" button
                  to initiate
                  the repair process.
Preview and save the
                  repaired photos
                  to your desired location.
Win 11/10/8.1/8/7
macOS 15 - 10.12

## FAQs

Yes, with the use of a professional photo repair tool,
                    damaged photos can be repaired.
                    4DDiG Photo Repair is a sophisticated program
                    that can fix any corrupted or damaged photo
                    in just three easy steps.
4DDiG Photo Repair offers solutions
                    for a wide range of photo corruption scenarios. It can effectively restore damaged or broken image
                    files,
                    image distortion, color issues, pixelation, and various other forms of damage.
                    It can also handles missing or corrupted image data, as well as file format errors.
The time it takes to restore a photo
                    using 4DDiG Photo Repair depends
                    on the extent of damage.
                    However, the AI old photo restoration process
                    is typically
                    quick and efficient.
Our photo quality enhancer
                    utilizes three AI models - General Model, Denoise Model, and Face Model
                    to enhance photo quality.
                    These modes use advanced algorithms to automatically adjust
                    image clarity, color, and sharpness,
                    reduce noise, and recover lost details,
                    providing an amazing HD upgrade
                    to your low-quality visuals.
4DDiG Photo Repair uses cutting-edge
                    AI technology to
                    analyze the details of a black and white photo and apply
                    appropriate colorization.
                    With machine learning, the software
                    ensures that the
                    resulting colors are realistic and of high quality.

## Tips

- How
                to Fix Images Are Not Loading on Website?
- How to Fix Low
                Resolution Photos in 2 Ways?
- [2023]
                5 Ways to Fix Blurry Pictures
- How to Repair GIF
                Files? Try These Effective Methods!
- Best 6 AI Photo
                Colorizers to Colorize Black and White Photos in 2023
- 6 Proven
                Methods to Colorize Black and White Photos with Ease
- How
                to Fix Overexposed Photos
- How
                to Make Bad Quality Photos Look Better?

### 4DDiG Photo Repair

Unleash Infinite AI Magic: The Ultimate All-in-One Solution for Photo Repair,
          Enhancement & Colorization
3,559,700 people have downloaded
          it

--------------------