# $61.5 billion
**URL:** https://news.crunchbase.com/ai/anthropic-funding-lightspeed-xai-openai
**Page Title:** Anthropic Nears Closing Of $3.5B Funding At $61.5B Valuation — Report
--------------------

- Unicorn Board
- Tech Layoffs Tracker
- Billion-Dollar Exits
- Largest Funding Deals Tracker
- Web3 Tracker
- Venture funding reports Q1 2023 Q1 2023 Global Q1 2023 North America Q1 2023 Europe Q1 2023 Latin America Q1 2023 Asia 2022 2022 Global 2022 North America 2022 Europe 2022 Latin America 2022 Asia
- Q1 2023 Q1 2023 Global Q1 2023 North America Q1 2023 Europe Q1 2023 Latin America Q1 2023 Asia
- Q1 2023 Global
- Q1 2023 North America
- Q1 2023 Europe
- Q1 2023 Latin America
- Q1 2023 Asia
- 2022 2022 Global 2022 North America 2022 Europe 2022 Latin America 2022 Asia
- 2022 Global
- 2022 North America
- 2022 Europe
- 2022 Latin America
- 2022 Asia
- Email
- Facebook
- Twitter
- LinkedIn
Anthropic , a ChatGPT rival with its AI assistant Claude, is finalizing a fresh $3.5 billion funding round that would value it at $61.5 billion, per The Wall Street Journal .
Investors in the new megaround would include Lightspeed Venture Partners , General Catalyst , Bessemer Venture Partners and Abu Dhabi-based investment firm MGX .
Anthropic was last valued at $18.5 billion in February 2024.
The round would value Anthropic at more than Elon Musk ’s xAI , which was valued at $50 million in November after its $6 billion Series C (which Lightspeed and MGX also participated in).
However, the new round values Anthropic well behind OpenAI , which is closing in on its own new $40 billion funding from SoftBank that will value it at a mind-blowing $260 billion.

## More money

The finalizing of the new round comes just about a month after Anthropic reportedly raised a fresh $1 billion from previous investor Google , which had  invested $2 billion in October 2023.
The new funding — which was first reported last month — also comes just a couple of weeks after it was reported the startup was in advanced talks to raise $2 billion in a deal led by Lightspeed Venture Partners that would value it at $60 billion.
That Google deal came just two months after Amazon agreed to invest another $4 billion in the AI startup. That deal followed Amazon’s 2023 announcement to invest up to $4 billion in Anthropic — a deal that gave the Seattle-based e-commerce and cloud titan a minority stake in the startup.

## Related reading:

- Anthropic Snags Another $1B From Amazon; OpenAI Joins Data Center Push
- Eye On AI: As SoftBank Piles Up Losses, It Doubles Down On AI
Illustration: Dom Guzman
Stay up to date with recent funding rounds, acquisitions, and more with the
    Crunchbase Daily.

## Q1 Global Startup Funding Posts Strongest Quarter Since Q2 2022 With A Third Going To Massive OpenAI Deal

Discover and act on private market opportunities with predictive company intelligence.

--------------------