# Aevo
**URL:** https://aevo.xyz
**Page Title:** Aevo - Trade Perps, Options and Strategies
--------------------

Stake AEVO
Launch Exchange
Products /
Exchange
Strategies
OTC
Community /
Governance /
Resources /
Analytics /
Aevo
Exchange
01 / 06

## Trade Options, Perps and Strategies. All in One Place.

Decentralised Trading With CEX-Like Performance
Aevo supports options, perpetual futures, and many other products within a single margin account. Combining off-chain matching with on-chain settlement, the platform allows traders to have unparalleled performance and latency while inheriting the security of Ethereum.
Total Volume Traded
$99.34b
Current Open Interest
$18.68m
Aevo Transactions per Second
>5,000 tps
Aevo Exchange Latency
<10ms
Strategies For Enhanced Yield
The next generation of vault strategies brought to you by the team behind Ribbon Finance, the pioneers of Decentralized Options Vaults
TVL All-Time High
>$350m
Total Notional Volume Traded
>$10b
Premiums Earned
>$50m
Total Auctions
>130
Custom L2
Aevo is built on a custom L2 based on the OP stack, enabling high throughput and performance while inheriting the security of Ethereum.
Product Ecosystem
The ecosystem of Aevo products provides everything any trader needs. Trade options, perps, yield and structured products in a single place.
Track Record
Since its inception in 2020, Aevo has processed over $10 billion of options trading volume and built up a reputation for trust and security.
Built By The Best
The Aevo team comes from companies such as Coinbase, Kraken and Goldman Sachs, and institutions such as Stanford, MIT and Cornell.
Our Edge
Backed By The Best Investors In The Space
Paradigm
Coinbase
Dragonfly
Nascent
Scalar Capital
[LINK: Scalar Capital](https://scalar.capital/)
Ethereal Ventures
Robot Ventures
Alliance
What’s Your Position?
Community /
Twitter
Discord
Github
Governance /
Governance Portal
Snapshot
RBN to AEVO
Resources /
Help Centre
Blog
[LINK: Media Kit](https://github.com/aevoxyz)
Media Kit
Analytics /
CoinGecko
Token Terminal
DefiLlama

--------------------