# Albert AI
**URL:** https://albert.ai
**Page Title:** Artificial Intelligence Marketing - Albert
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider _zcsr_tmp This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie albert.ai 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider _zcsr_tmp This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- albert.ai 1 wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider LS_CSRF_TOKEN Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider LS_CSRF_TOKEN Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.shareaholic.net 1 SHR_ID Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage js.zohocdn.com 1 utsdb Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- cdn.shareaholic.net 1 SHR_ID Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- js.zohocdn.com 1 utsdb Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider uesign Sets a unique ID for the specific user. This allows the website to target the user with relevant offers through its chat functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider uesign Sets a unique ID for the specific user. This allows the website to target the user with relevant offers through its chat functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider zalb_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.shareaholic.net 1 SHR:# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage js.zohocdn.com 1 siq_embed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Zoho One 1 Learn more about this provider zalb_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.shareaholic.net 1 SHR:# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- js.zohocdn.com 1 siq_embed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## is your self-learning digital marketing ally

Marketers return to focus on customer experience
Maximize overall performance within and across channels
Master creative relevance for every micro audience
Reach new audience groups without spending more
Self-optimizing campaign design and management
Holistic, agile cross-channel strategy and execution
Implement in weeks, not months, in existing ad accounts
Covers 90% of the biddable universe
Results
New Customer Insights
Efficient Long Tail Search
The Human + AI Partnership
Personalization at Scale
CPG breakfast food marketer uses Albert’s AI technology which continuously optimizes audience performance and shifts ad spend as audience segment performance changes, to maximize advertising ROI Despite the challenges marketers face due to the loss of targeting data, marketers can still rely on their own self-defined audience targeting segments to improve campaign performance by utilizing […]
How Advertisers Are Finally Getting Their Media Budgets to Work Smarter (Not Harder) Let’s be honest, managing digital ad spend across multiple platforms feels like juggling flaming torches while riding a unicycle. You’re constantly switching between Google Ads, Meta Business Manager, TikTok Ads Manager, and Bing, trying to figure out where your budget is actually […]
Automation vs. AI: What’s the Difference? Automation in marketing isn’t something new to present, as marketers have relied on automation for years, especially to manage paid media campaigns on Google, Facebook, and Instagram. It’s been a game-changer, making tasks like bid adjustments, scheduling, and reporting much easier and less time consuming. But here’s the thing: […]
With ad creative optimization subject to user biases, like preferences for bold headlines, images, and colors, etc., Zoomd-owned Albert AI technology enables true creative optimization driven by real-time creative performance across products, ads, campaigns, and market segments. One of the last areas of marketing to benefit from AI-driven optimization is ad creative. The actual creation […]
ChatGPT, Dall-E… AI is making a lot of global noise, especially taking over the advertising and marketing industry with great hopes of making it better. At Albert, we believe that AI isn’t about fully replacing us humans. Instead, it’s about empowering marketers with tools that help with some of our tasks, and free us to […]
You feel a rush of excitement, don’t you? When they click on your ads, go down the funnel, click the buy button. When you see the metrics add up to something you know will get the entire department gasping. It makes all the hours you’ve poured into your campaign worth it, except…  It’s not easy […]
- Share
- Post
- Share
- Mail
Leave a message

--------------------