# almost half of which is already enacted
**URL:** https://www.project2025.observer/en
**Page Title:** Project 2025 Tracker - Home
--------------------


## Project 2025 Tracker

A comprehensive, community-driven initiative to track the implementation of Project 2025's policy proposals
Overall Progress
51 %
The total number of objectives being tracked.
Number of agencies with objectives.

## Overall Progress

51%

### Progress by Agency

USAID
100%
CPB - Corporation for Public Broadcasting
100%
CFTC - Commodity Futures Trading Commission
100%
White House
92%
Dept. of State
77%

## Detailed Project Objectives

### USDA

Repeal, or, at minimum, reform the Dietary Guidelines .
Note: HHS announced new dietary guidelines w/ emphasis on meat and dairy.

### DHS

Create an "authority akin to the Title 42 Public Health authority" to expel illegal immigrants across the border immediately.
Note: The administration finalized a rule that allows authorities to bar asylum based on "emergency public health concerns generated by a communicable disease" .
Prevent the VA from covering abortion services.
Note: The VA implemented a rule that would bar the VA from providing abortions even in cases of rape or incest.

### Energy

Eliminate the Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations.
Note: The Energy Dept. broke up the Office of Clean Energy Demonstrations.

### Energy

Eliminate the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy or reduce its funding.
Note: The Energy Dept. "rebranded" it as the Office of Critical Minerals and Energy Innovation.

### Energy

Eliminate the Office of Grid Deployment.
Note: The Energy Dept. broke up the Grid Deployment Office.

### Energy

Expand energy exploration and extraction in Alaska, open Nat'l Petroleum Reserve to leasing and development.
Note: Interior Dept. issued a final rule rescinding 2024 protections for the Nat'l Petroleum Reserve; reconciliation bill mandates at least five lease sales in the Western Arctic over the next 10 years.

### Housing and Urban Development

End Housing First policies.
Note: HUD has removed housing first policies from their website; Trump signed an executive order "ending support for housing first policies"; HUD is limiting how much money communities can spend on permanent housing programs.

### Personnel

Ensure "continued alignment" of civil service with White House priorities, so "the President alone" can "direct his agenda across the executive branch.".
Note: Trump created hiring committees to vet job candidates to ensure that "hiring is consistent with the national interest...and the priorities of [the] administration.".
311 objectives remaining

--------------------