# Alteryx
**URL:** https://www.alteryx.com
**Page Title:** Alteryx One | Put Data + AI to Work for Your Business
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider _gz_sid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Box.com 2 Learn more about this provider cn Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie z Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Dropbox 1 Learn more about this provider uc_session Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Irdirect 1 Learn more about this provider ci_session Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Optimizely 3 Learn more about this provider AWSELB Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AWSELBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelyRumLB Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 5 Learn more about this provider _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Walkme 1 Learn more about this provider wm-preload-data The cookie is used in context with the local-storage function in the browser. This function allows the website to load faster by pre-loading certain procedures. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider GPS Used to determine whether the user is logged in on a YouTube account, when watching embedded videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie academy-cc.alteryx.com 3 CloudFront-Key-Pair-Id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CloudFront-Policy Improves website speed and implements content through a Content Delivery Network (CDN). Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CloudFront-Signature Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie academy-cc.alteryx.com consent.cookiebot.com communityvideos.alteryx.com info.alteryx.com pilotprogram.alteryx.com 11 CookieConsent [x11] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie alteryx.com datacamp.com getnitropack.com info.alteryx.com linkedin.com nitrocdn.com nitroscripts.com qualified.com tutsplus.com w3.org www.alteryx.com 11 __cf_bm [x11] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie alteryx.my.site.com 2 CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ama.alteryx.com data-scorecard.alteryx.com 2 object(#-#-##:#:#.#) [x2] Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage api.data-scorecard.alteryx.com community.alteryx.com my.sheerid.com services.sheerid.com 8 AWSALB [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBCORS [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie app.podscribe.ai 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.shortpixel.ai 3 unifiedScriptVerified Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage zRVP Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie community.alteryx.com 3 lia.anon.profile.language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LithiumUserSecure Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_BEACON Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie info.alteryx.com 1 BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie js.qualified.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage marketplace.alteryx.com 2 STATK8SADSVC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie XSRF-TOKEN Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie medium.com zoominfo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie services.sheerid.com www.linkedin.com 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie www.alteryx.com 3 nitro_prefetched_urls This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage nitroCachedPage This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nitropack_exclude Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.kaggle.com 2 GCLB This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ka_sessionid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider _gz_sid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Box.com 2 Learn more about this provider cn Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie z Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Dropbox 1 Learn more about this provider uc_session Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Irdirect 1 Learn more about this provider ci_session Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Optimizely 3 Learn more about this provider AWSELB Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AWSELBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelyRumLB Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 5 Learn more about this provider _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Walkme 1 Learn more about this provider wm-preload-data The cookie is used in context with the local-storage function in the browser. This function allows the website to load faster by pre-loading certain procedures. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider GPS Used to determine whether the user is logged in on a YouTube account, when watching embedded videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- academy-cc.alteryx.com 3 CloudFront-Key-Pair-Id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CloudFront-Policy Improves website speed and implements content through a Content Delivery Network (CDN). Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CloudFront-Signature Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- academy-cc.alteryx.com consent.cookiebot.com communityvideos.alteryx.com info.alteryx.com pilotprogram.alteryx.com 11 CookieConsent [x11] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- alteryx.com datacamp.com getnitropack.com info.alteryx.com linkedin.com nitrocdn.com nitroscripts.com qualified.com tutsplus.com w3.org www.alteryx.com 11 __cf_bm [x11] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- alteryx.my.site.com 2 CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- ama.alteryx.com data-scorecard.alteryx.com 2 object(#-#-##:#:#.#) [x2] Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- api.data-scorecard.alteryx.com community.alteryx.com my.sheerid.com services.sheerid.com 8 AWSALB [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBCORS [x4] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.podscribe.ai 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.shortpixel.ai 3 unifiedScriptVerified Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage zRVP Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- community.alteryx.com 3 lia.anon.profile.language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LithiumUserSecure Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_BEACON Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- info.alteryx.com 1 BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.qualified.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- marketplace.alteryx.com 2 STATK8SADSVC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie XSRF-TOKEN Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- medium.com zoominfo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- services.sheerid.com www.linkedin.com 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.alteryx.com 3 nitro_prefetched_urls This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage nitroCachedPage This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nitropack_exclude Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.kaggle.com 2 GCLB This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ka_sessionid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Amazon 6 Learn more about this provider smartFacets Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie mp2-theme-colors Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AutoLearning Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage language Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage languageFilter Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage jumbe_version Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Box.com 2 Learn more about this provider site_preference Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie bp-doc-current-page-map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Dropbox 3 Learn more about this provider locale The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie gvc [x2] Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Walkme 12 Learn more about this provider walkMe_wm-cseu-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-deepui-end-user-rand Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-deepui-lexicon-enabled-for-data-file Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-deepui-user-mapping-updated-at Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-ds-s Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-hb Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-smtp-init Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-ueug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-ueuT Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wm-deepui-master-mode Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wm-state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wm_load_test_7f65aaaf009743c3a361446c6b884316_0 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ama.alteryx.com d43a3ypba8aww.cloudfront.net data-scorecard.alteryx.com 4 i18nextLng [x4] Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.podscribe.ai 2 userStore_hideAdmin Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage keyval-store#keyval Used to maintain visitors' preferences throughout the visit and sub-pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB cdn.shortpixel.ai 1 _6signalTTL Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage community.alteryx.com 3 $liLocalizationManager::revision::# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastSurveyed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LithiumUserInfo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie js.userpilot.io 4 userpilot:sessions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage userpilot_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage userpilot_tab_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage userpilotSDK1179778115 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage marketplace.alteryx.com 5 current-language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie locale-language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie recaptcha_keys_ALTERYXPROD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage recaptcha_keys_ALTERYXPROD_timestamp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage storefront_login_styles_ALTERYXPROD_en-US Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.alteryx.com 3 nitroScrollPos Contains the scroll-depth across the website's sub-pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage smartling_override Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie wistia-video-progress-# Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 6 Learn more about this provider smartFacets Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie mp2-theme-colors Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AutoLearning Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage language Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage languageFilter Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage jumbe_version Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Box.com 2 Learn more about this provider site_preference Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie bp-doc-current-page-map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Dropbox 3 Learn more about this provider locale The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie gvc [x2] Used to implement or transfer content through Dropbox. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Walkme 12 Learn more about this provider walkMe_wm-cseu-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-deepui-end-user-rand Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-deepui-lexicon-enabled-for-data-file Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-deepui-user-mapping-updated-at Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-ds-s Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-hb Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-smtp-init Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-ueug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-ueuT Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wm-deepui-master-mode Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wm-state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wm_load_test_7f65aaaf009743c3a361446c6b884316_0 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- ama.alteryx.com d43a3ypba8aww.cloudfront.net data-scorecard.alteryx.com 4 i18nextLng [x4] Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.podscribe.ai 2 userStore_hideAdmin Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage keyval-store#keyval Used to maintain visitors' preferences throughout the visit and sub-pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- cdn.shortpixel.ai 1 _6signalTTL Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- community.alteryx.com 3 $liLocalizationManager::revision::# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastSurveyed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LithiumUserInfo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.userpilot.io 4 userpilot:sessions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage userpilot_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage userpilot_tab_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage userpilotSDK1179778115 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- marketplace.alteryx.com 5 current-language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie locale-language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie recaptcha_keys_ALTERYXPROD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage recaptcha_keys_ALTERYXPROD_timestamp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage storefront_login_styles_ALTERYXPROD_en-US Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.alteryx.com 3 nitroScrollPos Contains the scroll-depth across the website's sub-pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage smartling_override Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie wistia-video-progress-# Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Amazon 4 Learn more about this provider liveCounts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage vuid Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie z_idsyncs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie zaius_js_version Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Box.com 1 Learn more about this provider box_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Dropbox 3 Learn more about this provider t Stores data on which websites the user has visited. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Episerver 2 Learn more about this provider iv [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Google 10 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x5] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x5] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Linkedin 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Optimizely 24 Learn more about this provider optimizelyDomainTestCookie [x2] Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelyEndUserId Used to measure how selected users react to targeted changes to the website's content and functionality, in order to determine what variation is most efficacious in terms of converting users to customers. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelyOptOut [x2] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelySession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie #/#$# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage domainName_oeu[#]$session_state$ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie https://#_oeu#.#$event_queue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$layer_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$layer_states Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$tracker_optimizely Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$variation_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$visitor_profile Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://www.alteryx.com_pending_events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$#$contextual_mab Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$event_queue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$layer_states Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$session_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$tracker_optimizely Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$variation_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$visitor_profile Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$pending_events This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pageCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 1 Learn more about this provider serverTimestamps Sets a timestamp for when the last successful request was made to the server. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage al241907p.searchunify.com 1 connect.analytics_sid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie alteryx.com 2 _tldtest_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie amplitude_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie alteryx.my.site.com 1 BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ama.alteryx.com data-scorecard.alteryx.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.amplitude.com 6 AMP_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_MKTG_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TLDTEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TEST [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_unsent_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 ld:#:$diagnostics Used to monitor website performance for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.shortpixel.ai 6 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ia.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v2/zaius.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage community.alteryx.com 1 surveyProbability Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage js.qualified.com 1 __q_domainTest Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie marketplace.alteryx.com 3 hermesClientId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hermesSessionUuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hermesSessionUuidExpiration Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.alteryx.com 2 link_utm Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage wistia Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com 2 _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 4 Learn more about this provider liveCounts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage vuid Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie z_idsyncs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie zaius_js_version Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Box.com 1 Learn more about this provider box_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Dropbox 3 Learn more about this provider t Stores data on which websites the user has visited. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Episerver 2 Learn more about this provider iv [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 10 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x5] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x5] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Linkedin 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Optimizely 24 Learn more about this provider optimizelyDomainTestCookie [x2] Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelyEndUserId Used to measure how selected users react to targeted changes to the website's content and functionality, in order to determine what variation is most efficacious in terms of converting users to customers. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelyOptOut [x2] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie optimizelySession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie #/#$# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage domainName_oeu[#]$session_state$ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie https://#_oeu#.#$event_queue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$layer_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$layer_states Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$tracker_optimizely Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$variation_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://#_oeu#.#$visitor_profile Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage https://www.alteryx.com_pending_events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$#$contextual_mab Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$event_queue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$layer_states Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$session_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$tracker_optimizely Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$variation_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$#$visitor_profile Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optimizely_data$pending_events This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pageCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Reddit 1 Learn more about this provider serverTimestamps Sets a timestamp for when the last successful request was made to the server. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- al241907p.searchunify.com 1 connect.analytics_sid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- alteryx.com 2 _tldtest_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie amplitude_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- alteryx.my.site.com 1 BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- ama.alteryx.com data-scorecard.alteryx.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.amplitude.com 6 AMP_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_MKTG_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TLDTEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TEST [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_unsent_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 ld:#:$diagnostics Used to monitor website performance for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.shortpixel.ai 6 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ia.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v2/zaius.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- community.alteryx.com 1 surveyProbability Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- js.qualified.com 1 __q_domainTest Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- marketplace.alteryx.com 3 hermesClientId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hermesSessionUuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hermesSessionUuidExpiration Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.alteryx.com 2 link_utm Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage wistia Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.datadoghq-browser-agent.com 2 _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie 6sc.co 1 6suuid Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider _gz_taid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie vtsrc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie Box.com 1 Learn more about this provider bv Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie Brightcove 1 Learn more about this provider v2/tracker Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Episerver 2 Learn more about this provider is [x2] Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Giphy Support 1 Learn more about this provider giphyPingbackId Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Optimizely 1 Learn more about this provider optimizely_data$#$layer_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider loid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie token_v2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie WikiMedia 1 Learn more about this provider WMF-Uniq Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie app.podscribe.ai 2 mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.shortpixel.ai 12 v1/beacon/img.gif Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _im_uid_expire.6858 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _im_uid_status.6858 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _6senseCompanyDetails Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _yjsu_yjad Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage community.alteryx.com 2 LiSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LithiumVisitor Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie dmp.im-apps.net 1 _im_vid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie j.6sc.co 9 _gd_session [x3] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_svisitor [x3] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_visitor [x3] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie s.yimg.jp 1 _yjsu_yjad Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- 6sc.co 1 6suuid Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider _gz_taid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie vtsrc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Box.com 1 Learn more about this provider bv Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Brightcove 1 Learn more about this provider v2/tracker Used in context with video-advertisement. The cookie limits the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. The cookie is also used to ensure relevance of the video-advertisement to the specific user. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Episerver 2 Learn more about this provider is [x2] Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Giphy Support 1 Learn more about this provider giphyPingbackId Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Optimizely 1 Learn more about this provider optimizely_data$#$layer_map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider loid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie token_v2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- WikiMedia 1 Learn more about this provider WMF-Uniq Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.podscribe.ai 2 mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.shortpixel.ai 12 v1/beacon/img.gif Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _im_uid_expire.6858 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _im_uid_status.6858 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _6senseCompanyDetails Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _yjsu_yjad Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- community.alteryx.com 2 LiSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LithiumVisitor Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- dmp.im-apps.net 1 _im_vid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- j.6sc.co 9 _gd_session [x3] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_svisitor [x3] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_visitor [x3] Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- s.yimg.jp 1 _yjsu_yjad Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. LinkedIn 4 Learn more about this provider PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 1 Learn more about this provider screen-instance-ids Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Walkme 2 Learn more about this provider walkMe_late-end-user-logged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-session-per-user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage alteryx.com 1 amp_API_KE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie alteryx.com data-scorecard.alteryx.com 2 amp_cookie_test [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ama.alteryx.com 5 AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#counters Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#histograms Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#internal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#tags Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB app.podscribe.ai 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_2c670e5a541bafd5919ce56e04a3cff9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_2c670e5a541bafd5919ce56e04a3cff9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB cdn.amplitude.com 1 AMP_remote_config_c80bb28086 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 sid-verificationId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.shortpixel.ai 2 hb_actions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage client.protechts.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie data-scorecard.alteryx.com 3 amplitude_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage amplitude_unsent_API_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage amplitude_unsent_identify_API_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage inspire.alteryx.com 1 eventguestside-service-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie js.qualified.com 2 __q_state_Uetpgw55Mq5NYGCZ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie __q_local_form_debug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 4 Learn more about this provider PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Reddit 1 Learn more about this provider screen-instance-ids Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Walkme 2 Learn more about this provider walkMe_late-end-user-logged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage walkMe_wm-session-per-user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- alteryx.com 1 amp_API_KE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- alteryx.com data-scorecard.alteryx.com 2 amp_cookie_test [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- ama.alteryx.com 5 AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#counters Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#histograms Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#internal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_c80bb28086#tags Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- app.podscribe.ai 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_2c670e5a541bafd5919ce56e04a3cff9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_2c670e5a541bafd5919ce56e04a3cff9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- cdn.amplitude.com 1 AMP_remote_config_c80bb28086 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 sid-verificationId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.shortpixel.ai 2 hb_actions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- client.protechts.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- data-scorecard.alteryx.com 3 amplitude_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage amplitude_unsent_API_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage amplitude_unsent_identify_API_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- inspire.alteryx.com 1 eventguestside-service-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.qualified.com 2 __q_state_Uetpgw55Mq5NYGCZ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie __q_local_form_debug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## AI-ready business analytics software for the intelligent enterprise

Alteryx One connects data, business context, and AI for insights that lead to confident decisions
Inspire 2026 Registration Now Open
Get ready! Inspire 2026 is happening May 18-21 at the JW Marriott Grande Lakes in Orlando, Florida.
AI and Executive Leadership in 2026
Hear from Ethan Mollick, author of New York Times bestseller “Co-Intelligence,” Wharton professor, and one of the most influential thinkers in the world on applied AI.
Alteryx is named a Leader in Snowflake’s 2026 Modern Marketing Data Stack report.
In a world driven by AI, we’re focused on empowering marketers to be true agents of change.
The rise of the AI Data Clearinghouse
Close the AI trust gap with auditable workflows and business logic.
Explore what's new in Alteryx One
Join our product team for a first look at powerful generative AI, enhanced governance, and expanded connectivity across the platform.

## Trusted by 8,000+ global enterprises

## Built for business. Trusted by IT. Ready for AI.

Intelligent enterprises connect data, analytics, and AI across operations for faster, smarter decisions. Ready to make the leap?
Alteryx One offers a clear path:
Give teams an easy way to use enterprise data and AI while IT keeps control over security, scale, and governance.
Reduce manual data prep time by up to 90%, automate analytics, and embed AI across the business.
Turn those data-backed decisions into impact with low-/no-code tools, AI assistance, and built-in governance.

### Decision intelligence for executives

When the pressure’s on, you need to trust your data. Alteryx turns governed, AI-ready analytics into insights you can stand behind, helping build an intelligent enterprise without the guesswork.
For executives, narrative cuts through the noise:
- Magic Reports explains the drivers, trends, and anomalies in clear language and updates as data changes.
- Auto Insights Playbooks surface high-value use cases from your own data and build reports in minutes, so you can test scenarios, choose trade-offs, and push actions to teams at enterprise scale.

### Insights that drive action

Turn raw data into direction. Take advantage of 6 major platform integrations (Snowflake, Databricks, AWS, Google, SAP, and Salesforce), along with 100+ prebuilt connectors and in-database processing.
Analytic apps let business users run governed processes on demand, push results into downstream systems, and collaborate in one view.
When AI knows your business, you get automation that allows for reliable decisions.

### Meaningful, measurable results

Move from manual processes to proven impact. Transparent, governed workflows that standardize analytics and reduce manual effort help you save time, cut millions in costs annually, and improve efficiency at scale.
“What took my team almost a year to complete is now replicable and done in a matter of weeks.”
— Nikita Atkins, Data Science Global Leader, GHD

## Capabilities that enable AI readiness at scale

Put data and AI to work for you. Connect systems, prep and blend data up to 100x faster , automate repeatable work, and keep lineage and controls in place. Alteryx One is a full-spectrum analytics platform with 3 core capabilities that allow you to:
Prepare
Connect, clean, contextualize
Analyze
Explore, explain, share
Act
Forecast, simulate, operationalize
These capabilities have helped Alteryx users cut up to 70% of costs and save up to $2.2M annually.

### Data integration and AI-ready preparation

Create a unified view out of ERPs, CRMs, lakes, and files. Alteryx lets you connect enterprise apps like Oracle and Microsoft without copying data. Automate prep with low-/no-code workflows, add business context, and enforce governance and lineage to publish AI-ready datasets. Benefits include: • Improved accuracy • Faster analysis • A single source of truth for teams

### Empowering self-service analytics

Put answers within reach for every user at any skill level. Our self-service platform makes it easy to search your data, prompt in natural language, assemble visual workflows, and share them across teams. The payoff: •Faster insights •Real-time analytics •Less manual work (and more time for innovation)

### Unified predictive analytics and AI platform

Alteryx One unifies predictive analytics, machine learning, and generative AI-powered capabilities, so teams move from idea to action without handoffs. Predictive analytics automation can save up to 170 FTE hours a month by allowing users to: •Build with AutoML •Enrich with geospatial features •Use AI assistants to explain drivers and next steps Results run with governance, lineage, and security baked in — at scale. “Transparency leads to governance, which leads to trust. [Alteryx is] ticking all of the boxes for me.” — Phil Gould, Head of Analytics, Zurich Australia

### Governed data workflows with enterprise security and lineage

With role-based access, version control, and run-level logs, Alteryx makes workflows secure, reviewable, and repeatable. Provision once with SSO/SCIM and apply policies automatically. Integrations with Collibra and Atlan enable lineage tracking and business context across supported workflows, helping simplify compliance with local and international laws. And with all 3 environment types supported, you can run Alteryx your way — in the cloud, on premise, or hybrid — with governance intact.

## Analytics you can trust, results you can measure

Sleep well before that big meeting when you’re equipped with data that’s consistent, transparent, and ready for prime time. Walk in with:
Explainable analytics
Lineage, version history, and consistent methods make results repeatable and defensible.
Business value, quantified
Connect insights to revenue lift, cost reduction, and productivity gains, then roll them up by team and use case.
AI that tells a story
Generate concise recaps and visuals for emails, reports, or presentations — so the “so what” lands with every audience.

### Recognition from industry analysts and leaders

Across 5 major analyst evaluations from Gartner, IDC, Forrester, Dresner, and BARC, Alteryx is recognized for making advanced analytics usable at enterprise scale.

### Trusted global brands scale analytics with confidence

Global brands spanning 90+ countries and more than a dozen industries rely on Alteryx to connect data to decisions, enforce governance, and operationalize results.
- Programs expand securely
- Insights arrive sooner
- True transformation creates meaningful outcomes
11.8 billion
data points consolidated
McLaren Racing Fast-Tracks Data Analytics
McLaren Racing uses Alteryx AI data analytics to collect and analyze data on and off the track, surfacing real-time insights that improve race performance and car design.
99.94%
reduction in test development time (from 1,700 hours to 1 hour)
Bank of America Transforms Regulatory Testing from Reactive to Real-Time
Bank of America built an automated data ecosystem with Designer Cloud for data engineering, Tableau, Qlik, and MicroStrategy for visual analytics.
Thousands
of hours saved with automated analytics
Siemens Energy Democratizes Data
Business users with domain expertise use the Alteryx AI and analytics platform to build automated data workflows that accelerate insights and improve decision making.
2,000
manual processes automated
Nielsen Enables Self-Service Data Analytics
Alteryx was the core solution to a BI overhaul at Nielsen that enabled business-wide access to AI data analytics automation for time savings and accelerated insights.

## Power what’s next: Make AI and analytics work for you

Get your data AI-ready for anything and turn ambition into repeatable excellence. With Alteryx One, analytics and AI show up where work happens, not just in slides. IT sets the guardrails as teams move faster and new ideas spark. From first use case to broad rollout, you get one step closer to becoming an intelligent enterprise.

## Explore our latest articles on data and AI

## A Playbook for Successful AI Adoption

Discover how to achieve successful AI adoption with a clear roadmap for AI-...

## Bridging the Gap Between AI Experiments and Business Impact

Discover how organizations can close the gap betwe...

## The Prime Moment for Analytics: From Infinite Shelf Space to Free Insight Delivery

## The Hidden Discipline Behind AI Data Readiness Success

AI success depends on data readiness. Learn how clean, well-governed, and c...

## The Autonomous AI Problem No One Wants to Discuss

As enterprises race to deploy autonomous AI, poor data governance threatens...

### Inspire 2024 is just weeks away!


--------------------