# Autentique
**URL:** https://autentique.com.br
**Page Title:** Autentique | Sign and Request Electronic Signature of Documents
--------------------


## Sign and request electronic signatures of contracts and other documents

Simplify the management of your contracts and signatures using Autentique free up to 20 documents per month

## How it works

### Select the file or template

Select the file or document template that you would like to sign. You can now send everything ready for signature in doc, docx, PDF format... Or create a document template with custom fields that you fill in before sending to the signers.

### Indicate the signers and check out the additional validations

Fill in who will be the people who will sign the document. The document can be sent for signature via Email, WhatsApp, or SMS automatically through Autentique, or you can generate a signature link to send to the signer yourself. You can include additional ways to validate the signer, independently for each one. If you need greater security in relation to that person or have any suspicions, such as: Telephone confirmation via token; Facial biometrics and Identification document verification.

### Place the signatures

You can choose where each signer's signature will appear on the document. Just place the signature field in the appropriate place and, when that person signs, their signature will appear there.

### Wait for the document to be signed

Everything's ready! The signer will automatically receive the message asking for your signature and we will let you know as soon as they sign. All documents and each copy of the contract are kept in Autentique, so you can rest at ease!

### Access the email or signature link

Access your email or the signature link sent by the person or company that is requesting your signature. Autentique will automatically send an email or SMS or WhatsApp to you, with a button to access and sign the document. The person requesting your signature can also send the link manually to you, by WhatsApp or other means.

### Read and sign the document

When you access the signature link, you can read the document and at the bottom of the screen there will be a “sign” button, just click on it to start the signing process.

### Fill in the data on the screen and carry out the verification if necessary

Fill in the information requested by Autentique (name and date of birth) to sign the document. If necessary, perform biometric verification by taking a selfie. This data will be inserted into the document's action history to identify you.

### Personalize your signature

Almost there! All you have to do is select the appearance of your signature, you can use one generated by Autentique based on your name, design your own signature, upload an image of it, or use an “electronically signed” tag.

## Some of the largest companies and government agencies trust Autentique

Our experience allowed us to help companies and government agencies to simplify your signature process and manage your documents with confidence.

## What people say about Autentique...

We have collected over than 200,000 periodic reviews of Autentique to assess user satisfaction and guide us in implementing new features that matter to our community

## 8,7

## 94%

## William Rubio Scardua Vitor

Easy to use the system. Many customers are happy to sign electronically.

## Victor Dellorto Toscano

Everything works great, friendly interface, amazing staff, good essence, you guys are great! With this attitude in the face of the pandemic, they impressed me even more! Thank you!

## Sergio Marques De Oliveira

Tremendous ease... how I would like this modality to be adopted by DMV around the world. Real estate agency, bank, and any other government agency. The waste of time is signing a document and going to a registry office to authenticate and notarize the signature... or even go anywhere to just sign to sign a document. Guys, this is the revolution of the subscription bureaucracy. Congratulations!

## Ana Paula Carvalho Figueiredo do Amaral

Excellent system, practical, easy and works very well. The best I've used to date.

## Luiz Mário José da Silva

First because I'm a fanboy. And then because you have a wonderful solution and platform. <3

## Jeanderson Machado

I liked the practicality and I intend to use it in our company's future contracts.

## Frank da Silva e Silva

It solved many of my needs and thereby optimized my time.

## Eduardo Da Gama Silva

Fast, practical and extremely reliable, perfect service!!!

## Dhan Vianna Sugui

Ease of use, the free initial plan helps a lot for those who want to start using it, the corporate plan has a very good price for those with a considerable volume of documents.

## Charles Silva Cardoso

because of the ease of use, the ability to send contracts for clients to sign, to be able to know when the person viewed the e-mail, opened it, signed it, and especially because I can use it for free, I am very satisfied with the authentication.

## Paulo Lino

Excellent tool. It made it much easier for us to sign our contracts. I recommend!

## Engineering and Technology

Very practical and simple. Clients, even the most lay ones, don't have much difficulty creating accounts and signing contracts.

## Bianca Ferreira Santos

Very easy and accessible platform, I started using it and now I can't imagine myself without it.

## Tamiris de Aguiar Souza Albuquerque

Very easy to use and saves a lot of time and money when collecting signatures, in addition to giving us legal validity.

## Victor da Cruz Valdivia Lopes

I liked the UI and experience, I found it simple and light to sign the document. Everything works well.

## David Ortenzi

We use Autentique to sign office contracts, powers of attorney, and other documents from our clients with people from various locations and countries. In addition to full validity (USA, EU and Brazil)...

## Moacir de Oliveira

Excellent tool, practical, fast and free!!!! Congratulations! I use it and recommend it.

## Márcia Fernandes dos Santos

The platform's delivery is fantastic. The interface and user experience is excellent.

## Keronlainy Francielly de Oliveira

For providing a range of advantages and practicality in everyday corporate life.

## Gabriella Fernanda Rachid Gimenez

Very practical and agile!! In these pandemic times, it was essential for the work to proceed!

## Felipe Pererira Soares

The best electronic signature control tool.

## Diego Bernardes Nunes

So far it has been well liked by our customers and easy to use, we had no problems.

## Carlos Ricardo Devai

Sensational, it helps me a lot with the office. It makes it easier to communicate and regulate remote service services!

## Carlos Eduardo Macaggi Bortolon

Easy, fast and efficient. In addition to saving paper: the environment thanks you!

## Cristiane Bertoli Lisieski

Very good platform! I always recommend it.

## CHEST Seguros

Convenience in electronic signature and security. for you and your company. Excellent!!!!!!

## Vinicius Zimbardi de Medeiros

Simple and efficient platform, it fulfills its role very well.

## Thiago Fraga Habib

It meets my needs, the process is simple, and I like to monitor the status of the contract.

## Rondon Carvalho De Sousa

Simple, practical and fast system, which is still free for those who use it sporadically, that is, have a social vision in such a selfish world. That's a blessing.

## Daniel Rompa

I've never had problems signing electronically and it's very practical

## Leonardo Rafael Superti

The system works very well, it's very easy to use, it has a lot of valuable features in the free version and I can't think of anything to complain about lol. I've recommended it to several companies.

## Mileide Barreto

Very efficient platform. Simplicity, efficiency, and support like never before.

## Paulo Roberto Moschetta

Very cool, functional system and highly qualified attendants in their professional curriculum, with fantastic proactivity in service.

## Daniel Gonçalvez

Autentique made my life easier, made it possible to do business remotely!!!! I love this app!

## Daniela Fernanda de Paiva Barros

It's a great platform, it reduces document handling time and the cost of printed sheets!

## Cauré Barbosa Portugal

Agile and hassle-free platform. Friendly environment and easy to work with.

## Blumer Vinicius Pachu Silva

The platform is intuitive and very useful, without having to send the documents to be signed, since they are legally valid (electronic signature by e-mail), one of the best pages I found in 2019, if not, the best lol... Congratulations guys, keep it up, thankful!

## Marco Aurelio Zulian

Extremely easy to sign documents, thus bringing more security to the company.

## ‍ All electronic signatures

You can sign documents with the main types of signature used in Brazil and the rest of the world. Autentique support signatures With and without digital certificate in accordance with eIDAS regulation (EU 910/2014) and eSignature act, so you can choose the ideal model for your document.
You and your signers don't need to acquire any additional devices or digital certificates. You can include as forms of verification:
This signature uses a digital certificate issued by a qualified trust service provider (QTSP) which is officially recognized by an EU member state's regulatory authority.

## How much does it cost?

## Free

## Professional

## Corporate

The Autentique API allows you to easily integrate electronic signatures into your system . It’s fast, secure, and scalable—perfect for those who want to automate processes without hassle!
[LINK: API Pricing](https://docs.autentique.com.br/api/precos-para-uso-via-api)
[LINK: Documentation](https://docs.autentique.com.br/api)
Some actions in Autentique require additional validation credits (biometric validation) that are purchased regardless of the plan.

## FAQs

### Is there a fidelity period or a fine of cancellation?

There isn't! You can cancel and reactivate the plan whenever you want, right on the dashboard. It is normal for companies that have seasonal contract renewal periods to sign only during this period and cancel soon after (such as educational institutions and courses during reenrollment periods).

### If I delete a document on the free plan, can I create a new one?

No. Even if you delete the document, it will still count as a created document and will be deducted from the total for the month. Sorry, deleting the document does not return the credit spent to create it =/

### Do contracts with the same clauses count as different documents?

Yes , if the signatories of the document are different, for all purposes they are totally different contracts. This occurs even if their content is identical, they will still be stored as separate documents and will have their own auditing processes.

### Can I pay in installments for the annual plan?

Unfortunately not , the annual plan is cheaper because it is paid in a single installment at the time of hiring. If you would like to pay in several parts, the monthly plan would be ideal.

### What happens if I don't pay the monthly plan fee?

After the expiration of your organization You will return to the free plan and all the documents you created during the professional plan period are still available without any loss . The plans are prepaid, so you won't owe us any installment under any circumstances, not interest, or anything like that. The plan just cancels and that's it, you can reactivate it when you need it again.

### Is an invoice issued?

Of course! As soon as the plan payment is processed, the invoice is automatically issued. You can access all invoices directly from the Autentique dashboard and even generate a public link so your finance  or accountant team can directly access all the invoices issued by Autentique for you and download them whenever needed.

## Autentique LTDA

[LINK: API documentation](https://docs.autentique.com.br/api/)
Status

--------------------