# Ava
**URL:** https://www.ava.me
**Page Title:** Professional & AI-Based Captions for Deaf & HoH | Ava
--------------------

- Talk to Sales Get Started

## Get the Ava App on Your Phone

## Captions for All

### Ava Desktop

For Windows/Mac

### Ava App

For Android/iOS

### Ava Desktop

For Windows/Mac

### Ava App

For Android/iOS

## Ensure ADA compliance at an unbeatable price

Ava’s AI brings speed and cost-effectiveness to captioning. Like CART, our professional Scribes ensure accuracy with no compromise on quality. Get the best of both worlds with Ava Scribe and enjoy a fully ADA-compliant & inclusive environment for your organization.

## Get captions on your terms in any video conference

Reclaim control of your online conversations. Ava Connect integrates in one-click to any video conference to keep all the functionalities you love about Ava.

## See Who Says What, Anytime

We take care of the note-taking so you can focus on being present in the conversation. Ava can store your transcripts and generate an accurate summary of your conversation with just a click of a button.

## They use Ava every day!

Ava helped me a lot during these COVID-19 times. I use it for work and conference calls. I just open the microphone and boom! I can see closed captioning on the screen. I love the product!
Ava has been a real game changer for my relationship with my hard-of-hearing husband!
During classes or presentations, the speakers or students wear this microphone. I really got the impression that the students in the class had integrated it naturally, without question.

## They use Ava every day

## Discover 99% Accuracy with Ava Scribe

Ava offers any level of autonomy, for many situations in educational, professional, and personal life.

## Frequently asked questions

Ava is an ADA-compliant accessibility service that delivers fast and accurate live captions and other services including transcription and ASL interpretation for Deaf and hard-of-hearing people. Ava is powered by both AI and human scribes for the fastest, most accurate captions available.
Ava delivers 99% accuracy to fully understand conversations. Ava Scribe combines AI + human scribes for the fastest, most accurate live captions that make every conversation accessible and ADA compliant.
Ava is available across all major platforms including mobile (iOS and Android), web, and desktop (Windows and Mac) providing unparalled access in any situation, seamlessly delivering captions at work, at school, or any social situation. Ava provides total autonomy.
Ava is available on all devices: on the web at https://web.ava.me/web/signup or you can download for mobile (iOS and Android) or desktop (Mac and Windows) at https://www.ava.me/download.
Ava.me costs 60-70% less than traditional captioning services, and around 30% less than CART services. We have different plans for companies, educational organizations, non-profits, and healthcare.
Ava provides immediate access to any conversation on mobile devices, the web, and desktops. Simply click on an app button and you will see live captions immediately.
Ava Connect integrates with all major video meeting platforms including Zoom, Google Meet, and Microsoft Teams. That means you get the speed, accuracy, and speaker identification Ava provides. And combined with Ava Scribe, all of your meetings are ADA compliant.
Ava supports 50+ languages including Spanish, French, German, Mandarin, Japanese, and more. Both transcription and translation services are available.

--------------------