# AYCD
**URL:** https://aycd.io
**Page Title:** Automation Done Right | AYCD
--------------------


## Automation Done Right

Our software and services are designed to help you maximize your productivity,
                                efficiency, and profit.
- Perform bulk account actions such as updating email forwarding,
                                            passwords, recovery emails, and more on Outlook and Gmail
                                            accounts.
- Keep your mail accounts alive by automatically logging in and generating
                                            activity to prevent account closures/deletions.
- Automatically login to unlimited mail accounts and sign in via OAuth2 to
                                            manage your emails all in one place.
- Receive otp codes, links, and more using the Inbox Mail Tasks
                                            API with supported programs. Make Inbox your central email hub.
- Send and reply to emails using custom templates with dynamic variables
                                            for each mail account, making raffle and sweepstake wins easy.
- Scrape and parse unlimited emails from your mail accounts and
                                            export specific data you want to a CSV file or manage it directly inside
                                            Inbox.
- Unsubscribe from spam and marketing emails across all of your
                                            email accounts at once.
- Manage your inventory using data from your email accounts and
                                            automatically track packages.
- Create unlimited browser tasks with unique fingerprints using our in-house
                                            anti-detect browser, Camo Chrome.
- Enable built-in chrome autofill or create custom autofill templates on any
                                            website using the billing, shipping, and payment details from each task.
- Record mouse and keyboard actions on a single main browser that you choose
                                            and replay them on unlimited other browser tasks.
- Receive IMAP/TOTP OTP codes instantly for each browser session. Easily
                                            copy/paste or automatically autofill using Task Assistant.
- Easily review tabs across all your browser sessions. Automatically detect
                                            and display the current queue position for queue and raffle releases.
- Install any chrome extensions, including custom ones.
                                            Quickly copy extension data across multiple browser tasks to simplify
                                            your setup process.
- Generate activity on any website for all your browser tasks to keep accounts
                                            active and sessions healthy.
- Supports Google Chrome, Brave, Edge, and Camo Chrome giving you a
                                            diverse set of browser engines to choose from.
- Create, import, and delete virtual cards from many providers including
                                            CapOne, Amex, and more.
- Manage physical and virtual cards in one place and distribute them across
                                            all of your billing profiles.
- Import/Export billing profile details in multiple formats to and from
                                            over 500 supported programs.
- Jig billing profile details such as name, address, phone number, and more to
                                            create hundreds of unique profiles in minutes.
- Create advanced jigging templates to control how each billing profile detail
                                            is generated.
- Fetch order details from many popular retailers to check order status,
                                            tracking numbers, product info, total cost, and more.
- Integrated directly with our activity generator in OneClick, all searches
                                            are mixed into other activity automatically, protecting your accounts and
                                            your page ranking.
- Our in-house anti-detect browser gives each login session a unique
                                            fingerprint even from the same device. Reduce the risk of account bans and
                                            detections.
- Quickly generate hundreds of queries for each keyword/topic using
                                            AI. Organize your queries into action groups to track their usage.
- Assign location data to each login session to emulate local searches.
                                            Improve your local SEO and ranking with organic traffic and interactions.
- Traffic Activity paired with Traffic Reports gives you valuable insight into
                                            your queries, search, and click performance for each campaign.

## Packages

The best way to maximize our products and services.

## Read our Blog

Learn more about industry trends and AYCD services.
28 December 2025
Virtual credit cards offer enhanced security and control for online transactions. Learn how they work, who offers them, and how AYCD Profile Builder helps manage virtual cards and profiles.
17 September 2024
Learn how optimizing your Google My Business profile can enhance your local search visibility and boost your SEO performance, with tips on leveraging OneClick’s Traffic & SEO Module for maximum impact.
6 September 2024
Learn how Geo Location UULE can enhance your local SEO strategy and how OneClick's Traffic & SEO module simplifies geo-targeting to boost your search rankings across specific regions.

### Group-buys and Partnerships

If you own a group and would like to inquire about a group buy or partnership pricing please
                        contact us.

--------------------