# BenevolentAI
**URL:** https://www.benevolent.com
**Page Title:** BenevolentAI | AI Drug Discovery | AI Pharma
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text ﬁles that may be placed on your computer or other devices when you visit our website. The cookie will help us recognise your device the next time you visit. We use the term “cookies” in this Policy to refer to all ﬁles that collect information in this way. Cookies serve many functions. For example, they can help us to remember your preferences, browsing history and analyse how well our website is performing, which then allows us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Anchor FM 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Euroland 1 Learn more about this provider __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Github 2 Learn more about this provider _gh_sess Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie logged_in Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage hsforms.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.benevolent.com 1 CONCRETE5 Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Anchor FM 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Euroland 1 Learn more about this provider __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Github 2 Learn more about this provider _gh_sess Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie logged_in Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)
- Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- hsforms.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.benevolent.com 1 CONCRETE5 Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Github 1 Learn more about this provider _octo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Monsido 2 Learn more about this provider [empty name] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker monsido Used to monitor website performance for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
- Github 1 Learn more about this provider _octo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Monsido 2 Learn more about this provider [empty name] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker monsido Used to monitor website performance for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage spotify.com d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net 2 sp_t [x2] Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
- Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- spotify.com d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net 2 sp_t [x2] Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Amazon 3 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Anchor FM 9 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
- Amazon 3 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Anchor FM 9 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text ﬁles that may be placed on your computer or other devices when you visit our website. The cookie will help us recognise your device the next time you visit. We use the term “cookies” in this Policy to refer to all ﬁles that collect information in this way. Cookies serve many functions. For example, they can help us to remember your preferences, browsing history and analyse how well our website is performing, which then allows us to recommend content we believe will be most relevant to you.
Use of cookies
The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
This site uses different types of cookies. We use first-party and third-party tracking technologies. First-party tracking technologies are set directly by us whereas third-party tracking technologies are set by a third party (such as analytics providers, our advertisers, and business partners).
You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the cookie declaration on our website.
We use tracking technologies that perform the following functions:
(a) Essential tracking technologies , which are essential to the functioning of our web services, to provide a service requested by you, or to comply with the law (e.g. the security requirements of data protection law). We do not need to obtain your consent in order to use these tracking technologies and these tracking technologies cannot be turned off as we cannot provide our web services without them.
(b) Functionality tracking technologies , which allow us to remember choices you make and provide enhanced and personalised features e.g. to show you when you are logged in.
(c) Performance tracking technologies , which enable us to collect information about your online activity (e.g. the duration of your use of our web services), including behavioural data and content engagement. They allow us to provide you with a better user experience and to maintain, operate and continually improve our web services.
(d) Advertising/Targeting tracking technologies , which we use to deliver more personalised service, enable us to execute advertising campaigns and show you ads that are relevant to you as well as measuring the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. They are usually placed by our advertisers (for example advertising networks) and provide them insights about the people who see and interact with their ads, visit their websites or use their app. A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu
(e) Social Media tracking technologies , our website includes social media features, such as Facebook “Like” or “Share” buttons. These features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our web services (in which case you can manage them as explained below) and enable us or the social network to obtain information about how you interact with our web services or the social network. In addition, where we have a presence on social media platforms, those platforms will set tracking technologies on your device when you visit our pages on their platforms so that we can obtain statistical information about how you interact with our social media presence. The cookies policy of the social media platform should explain how you can manage the tracking technologies that they set or you may also be able to manage these tracking technologies by using your browser settings, as explained below.

## Life science intelligence

- Home
- Home
As a pioneer, we recognised early on that every data point holds the potential for ground-breaking discoveries. Our next generation platform targets the complex decisions that drive R&D: life science intelligence at your fingertips.
OUR PHILOSOPHY
We build technology in the service of science
BenevolentAI brings together a unique cross-section of science and technology teams who push AI and machine learning to new limits. Building on a decade of investment in our knowledge graph and proprietary ontologies, our team supports scientists and executives to leverage cutting edge AI in their work, with confidence and precision.

--------------------