# CHAI
**URL:** https://chai-research.com
**Page Title:** CHAI AI | Leading Conversational AI Platform
--------------------

Strategic Round II Complete

## CHAI: Chat + AI

## Quant traders building AI Platform Palo Alto, CA

Strategic Round II Complete: CHAI AI secured additional funding rounds, bringing its total investment to date to over $55M dollars to expand both compute and talent acquisition.

### [ Daily Active Users Growth ]

## Incentives & Scale

All platforms work best with the right incentives. At CHAI, we've
              tried paying developers, but the biggest motivators remain
              high-quality feedback, recognition, and the satisfaction of
              building a popular LLM. Our scale enables the critical mass of
              feedback and models needed to create strong feedback loops.

### CHAI Launches on App Store

We were the first to launch a consumer AI platform, allowing users to create their own ChatAIs—ahead of Character AI and ChatGPT.

### Deploys First In-House 6B LLM

Open-sourced LLMs no longer satisfied our users' requirements, as the LLMs needed to be adapted for social and engagement purposes. We saw a +10% engagement boost from our own in-house model.

### Deploys Best-of-4 Reward Model

We continued to iterate on RLHF (Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback), training a reward model directly on user signals. This led to a huge boost in our day 30 user retention.

### Larger Model Upgrade - 13B Architecture

We found that a bigger model leads to better depth, therefore better retention. We re-trained our LLM from scratch and saw another +10% engagement boost.

### PPO Model Deployed

Using Proximal Policy Optimization, a reinforcement learning technique, we optimized our base foundation model to decrease the probability a chat session ends.

### Deploys Reward Model XL

Continued to scale up our reward model. Trained with 100 million signals to decrease user retry rate and increase chat session length.

### Efficient Inference & Custom GPU Orchestration

Off-the-shelf load balancing and vLLM were no longer sufficient to support our user base at 500K DAU scale. We implemented custom CUDA kernels together with our own GPU orchestration system.

### Increased GPU Reservation

We hit a scaling issue due to high demand from our users. We reserved an additional 1,000 A100 GPUs from our provider to scale reliably.

### Deployed Model Blending

CHAI invented model blending—ensembling different LLMs trained on different targets at the conversation level. This outperformed GPT-3 in user retention.

### BO8 Reward Model Deployed

With increased cluster capacity, we implemented Best-of-8 rejection sampling, utilizing our upgraded reward model to its full extent.

### DPO Model Deployed

Utilizing Direct Preference Optimization with user preference datasets, we boosted engagement by 20%. The performance stacked well with our existing reward model.

### Upgraded All Existing Blends to DPO

Building on the success of DPO, we iterated on optimization targets and data selection, and successfully deployed DPO across all production blends.

### 13B Reward Model Deployed

With increased GPU capacity due to cluster upgrades, we were able to serve larger reward models for all users.

### 10x 24B Models Deployed

We upgraded our existing production blend to 24B models. With blending enabled, we saw a surge in daily active users and day 30 retention.

### Model Mesh Orchestrator Deployed

To support over 1M Daily Active Users, Model Mesh—an in-house cluster orchestration platform—was deployed to handle multi-cluster, multi-GPU-type serving of hundreds of LLMs in production.

### GRPO Deployed

GRPO (Group Relative Policy Optimization) is an upgrade from Direct Preference Optimization, resulting in a +15% engagement improvement.

### 10x 24B Models Deployed

We upgraded our existing production blend to 24B models. With blending enabled, we saw a surge in daily active users and day 30 retention.

### [ Product ]

## Building Platform for Social AI

We believe in platforms. There is huge demand for AI that is not
            only factually correct but also entertaining and social.

## 1.4 EXAFLOPS GPU CLUSTER FOR AI INFERENCE

At CHAI, we serve hundreds of in-house trained LLMs across several GPU chip types from both AMD and Nvidia. While open-source solutions such as vLLM work well for simple workloads, we've found that we can further improve upon vLLM by almost an order of magnitude through several optimizations, such as custom kernels and compute-efficient attention approximations.

## Current openings

## Who we are

### William Beauchamp

Founder / CEO
Cambridge University

### Jacqueline Zhu

Chief of Staff
Harvard University

### Tom Lu

AI Researcher
Cambridge University
Ex-Quant

### Christie-Carol Beauchamp

Mobile Engineer
ex-Meta

### Robert Irvine

AI Researcher
Cambridge University

### Alexandre Daoud

Backend AI Engineer
Cambridge University

### Vineet Mudupalli

AI Engineer
Cambridge University
ex-Quant

### Zongyi Liu

AI Researcher
Kaggle Master
ex-Quant

### Nischay Dhankhar

AI Researcher
3x Kaggle Grandmaster

### Ebony Zhang

AI Researcher
Cambridge University
ATLAS - LHC - CERN

--------------------