# Cheq
**URL:** https://cheq.ai
**Page Title:** The Global Leader in Go-to-Market Security | CHEQ
--------------------

--------------------------------

## Agents. Humans. Bots.

Accurately distinguish legitimate users from malicious actors—human or not.
Embrace the evolved human-AI customer journey. Stop fraud without stopping sales. Dominate the new digital era with the only fully integrated, multi-layered Traffic, Trust, and Identity Intelligence Engine. Meet CHEQ.

## Trusted by 15,000 brands to secure the go-to-market attack surface

## Loved by marketers, trusted by CISOs

With CHEQ, experience unrivaled accuracy, explainability, and actionability as each visit is met with 2,000+ real-time cybersecurity challenges and a false positive rate of less than 0.009%. Backed by an incomparable network effect from monitoring 1M domains and processing 6 trillion signals daily, CHEQ ensures precision in every interaction.

## End-to-end customer journey protection

Protect paid marketing campaigns across ad platforms
Discover how human and non-human traffic interacts with digital initiatives
Stop fake form fills and protect sales and marketing efficiency
Streamline tag implementation, data collection, and control data to third-party martech
Centralize privacy management, simplify compliance, and secure user data
Prevent malicious bots and bad actors from attacking your site and APIs

## Purpose-built for go-to-market security & success

Unparalleled, context-specific, granular detection and defense for the heart of your business – your go-to-market engine. Experience the power of CHEQ .

## Trusted by the world's leading organizations

Return on Investment with CHEQ
Increase in inbound
paid marketing qualified leads
Decrease in CPA for agency eCommerce customer
Return on Investment with CHEQ
Increase in inbound
paid marketing qualified leads

## Committed to empowering our customers

## Ready to secure your Go-to-Market efforts?


--------------------