# Clinicminds
**URL:** https://clinicminds.com
**Page Title:** Aesthetic Clinic Software | Medical Record system | Clinicminds
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie load.sst.clinicminds.com vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sst.clinicminds.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- load.sst.clinicminds.com vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- sst.clinicminds.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Acast 1 Learn more about this provider AcastLang This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Acast 1 Learn more about this provider AcastLang This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Clinicminds 2 Learn more about this provider FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 7 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.loom.com embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Clinicminds 2 Learn more about this provider FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 7 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.loom.com embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Clinicminds 2 Learn more about this provider _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Clinicminds 2 Learn more about this provider _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Loom 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Loom 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## Why Clinicminds?

Is efficient registration and compliance important for you? Are you looking for a system that supports the complete workflow in your clinic including online bookings and video appointments? Clinicminds is available in multiple countries and languages

## AI driven record keeping and compliance

Reduce time consuming record keeping with our AI assistant Quinn. With Clinicminds you can focus on what’s important: your patients. Our software is updated continuously and fulfils the highest requirements regarding regulatory compliance, privacy, and security (HIPAA, GDPR & PIPEDA compliant).

## Complete workflow with online bookings

Clinicminds supports the complete workflow: From registration of treatment records to payments, as well as many more marketing and administrative features. Are you looking for Clinic scheduling software? Clinicminds helps by scheduling appointments efficiently through offering online booking with online payments as well as supporting your dairy service.

## Video appointments

Video appointments are seamlessly integrated into the workflow. Schedule them from your calendar, or allow patients to book them online.

## Available in multiple languages

English, Spanish, German, Dutch, French, Italian, Norwegian and Hungarian.

## Free CRM

Organize your customer interactions and data in one overview – whether it's client appointment behavior, treatment records, signed forms, revenue, and more.

## Quinn - AI assistant

Your intelligent co-pilot

### AI Medical Scribe

Quinn automatically listens in during the entire consultation and immediately converts the conversation into structured medical documentation. From the chief complaint and exam findings to the treatment plan and follow-up. Everything is recorded in the medical record without you having to type. Read more! Quinn works for both in-person consultations at the clinic and video consultations. This ensures that documentation is always complete and consistent, no matter where the consultation takes place. AI Speech Dictation With AI speech dictation, you can easily dictate individual notes, additions, or observations. The spoken text is immediately and accurately converted into text in the EMR. Ideal for quick input, corrections, or additional explanations, while maintaining a complete and organized medical record. Work smarter, more productive and safe as ever with our AI assistant.

## Designed for cosmetic clinics

Clinicminds supports the registration of a broad range of treatments offered by private clinics specializing in injectables/aesthetics, skincare, hair transplants, small surgeries, medical weight loss management, laser procedures, tattoo removal, and related professional services.
Aesthetic clinics
Surgical clinics
Laser clinics
Weight loss clinics

## Making the switch is easy

You can easily set up Clinicminds yourself. Whether you’re switching from paper to digital, or upgrading from your out-dated software, we’ll guide you through the process. Or we can even do the whole setup for you! Still having doubts? Take the test!

## Latest blog posts

### Quinn AI Now Summarizes Video Consultations: Your Virtual Appointments, Automatically Documented

### Release of Clinicminds Version 5.16

### Clinicminds v5.15 Release - A Smarter, Smoother Experience for Every Clinic

### Stop choosing between patient care and documentation: Quinn AI Smart Summary does both

### How Does Consistent Treatment Recording Increase Trust and Retention for Your Clinic?

### 3 Essential Metrics for Clinic Success

### Clinicminds Release 5.14: A modern patient experience & quality improvements

### The accidental entrepreneur: Building specialized software for aesthetic clinics

### Simplify Your Aesthetic Clinic Operations

### Release 5.13 - Streamline Your Practice

## Featured on

## Want to know more?

Schedule a free live demo to experience the Clinicminds app. We’ll talk you through the software and answer all your questions right on the spot. You probably also searched for e-clinic software, clinic management software, medspa solutions and free download (free trial).

--------------------