# Clockwise
**URL:** https://getclockwise.com
**Page Title:** Clockwise: AI Powered Time Management Calendar
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.commoninja.com 1 cn_uc__ Used for the proper functionality of the FAQ page on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.getclockwise.com 1 ld:$anonUserId Used to deliver anonymous user details when authorising applications on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.prod.website-files.com 3 firebase-heartbeat-database#firebase-heartbeat-store Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sentry-offline#queue Detects and logs potential errors on third-party provided functions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hubspot.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie scripts.convertcalculator.com 2 __CSRF [x2] Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.commoninja.com 1 cn_uc__ Used for the proper functionality of the FAQ page on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.getclockwise.com 1 ld:$anonUserId Used to deliver anonymous user details when authorising applications on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.prod.website-files.com 3 firebase-heartbeat-database#firebase-heartbeat-store Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sentry-offline#queue Detects and logs potential errors on third-party provided functions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- hubspot.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- scripts.convertcalculator.com 2 __CSRF [x2] Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. firebaseLocalStorageDb#firebaseLocalStorage Facilitates the notification function within the chatbox, allowing the website’s support team to notify the user, when a reply has been given in the chatbox. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Greenhouse 3 Learn more about this provider _sp_root_domain_test_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _session_id Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 14 days Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 5 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.getclockwise.com 1 ld:#:$diagnostics Used to monitor website performance for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.segment.com cdn.prod.website-files.com www.loom.com 3 ajs_anonymous_id [x3] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage demo.arcade.software cdn.segment.com loom.com 4 ajs_anonymous_id [x4] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Greenhouse 3 Learn more about this provider _sp_root_domain_test_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _session_id Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 14 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 5 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.getclockwise.com 1 ld:#:$diagnostics Used to monitor website performance for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.segment.com cdn.prod.website-files.com www.loom.com 3 ajs_anonymous_id [x3] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- demo.arcade.software cdn.segment.com loom.com 4 ajs_anonymous_id [x4] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 10 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB cdn.jsdelivr.net 8 __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.segment.com cdn.prod.website-files.com www.loom.com 3 ajs_user_id [x3] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage demo.arcade.software cdn.segment.com evs.sgmt.loom.com 8 __tld__ [x5] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x3] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 10 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 8 __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.segment.com cdn.prod.website-files.com www.loom.com 3 ajs_user_id [x3] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- demo.arcade.software cdn.segment.com evs.sgmt.loom.com 8 __tld__ [x5] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x3] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider gh-test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_job-board-renderer-tracker Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Loom 6 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider _rdt_em [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.amplitude.com 1 amplitude.engagement.ENGAGEMENT_edafc091dd_DEFAULT_USER_PROVIDER Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.getclockwise.com 13 BrowserNotificationBannerDismissTimestamps Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage CachedExperiments Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage CurrentTimeZoneMap Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Experiments Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HasSeenLoginPage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage InviteLink Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LastUpdatedMillis Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage NetworkFailureScale Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage OnboardingChecklist Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage OnboardingMeta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PushNotificationEventFlexibilitySuggestion Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage RenderTimeZoneMap Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage UserDeactivated Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 6336f6e0b70611d51dfeba5b#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 firebase-app-check-database#firebase-app-check-store Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB scripts.convertcalculator.com 1 ccIdSessionStore Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.getclockwise.com 3 pre Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 95688 months Type : HTTP Cookie AnalyticsPre Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider gh-test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_job-board-renderer-tracker Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Loom 6 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider _rdt_em [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.amplitude.com 1 amplitude.engagement.ENGAGEMENT_edafc091dd_DEFAULT_USER_PROVIDER Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.getclockwise.com 13 BrowserNotificationBannerDismissTimestamps Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage CachedExperiments Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage CurrentTimeZoneMap Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Experiments Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HasSeenLoginPage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage InviteLink Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LastUpdatedMillis Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage NetworkFailureScale Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage OnboardingChecklist Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage OnboardingMeta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PushNotificationEventFlexibilitySuggestion Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage RenderTimeZoneMap Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage UserDeactivated Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 6336f6e0b70611d51dfeba5b#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 firebase-app-check-database#firebase-app-check-store Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- scripts.convertcalculator.com 1 ccIdSessionStore Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.getclockwise.com 3 pre Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 95688 months Type : HTTP Cookie AnalyticsPre Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB

## The world’s most powerful scheduling brain

The essential technology AI needs to make human-like calendar decisions and power more productive teams.

## Over 40,000 organizations make time for what matters with Clockwise

## Introducing the MCP server for time

Built for AI agents that need to reason, plan, and coordinate time with humans at scale.

## Empathetic AI that knows what you need to do your best work

### Preference Learning

Clockwise understands your priorities and how you like to work, and adapts to how you and your team actually get things done.
“It has magic to move [my lunch] to the most optimal time. So, everyday I eat!”

### Predictive Scheduling

Clockwise regularly analyzes constraints and applies its knowledge of org and team-wide boundaries to anticipate conflicts before they happen.
“[With Clockwise] I don’t worry about conflicts that arise because they ‘automagically’ disappear.”

### Real-time Optimization

Clockwise tests out millions of calendar arrangements every day to continuously improve your schedule as things change.
“Clockwise takes something off of your plate which can be really time-intensive and not high-leverage.”

### Team Coordination

Clockwise balances individual preferences with group requirements to ensure the right mix of focus and collaboration for everyone.
“I have eight people I need to talk to across four different time zones — I use Clockwise to tell me when we’re actually all going to be online at the same time.”

## AI that says no to

## Make faster progress on high-impact work

Clockwise uses AI to learn how you work best and defends your priorities, so you can spend time on high-impact work, not high-maintenance calendar tasks. Plus, it works across entire teams to give everyone a leg up on progress.

### Proactive Calendar Management

Clockwise optimizes your schedule daily and adjusts in real time as things change to ensure the right balance of time for deep work, tasks, and collaboration — all based on your needs.

### Intelligent Scheduling

Never play calendar Tetris again. Clockwise instantly finds the best meeting times across complex schedules, quietly rearranges events when there’s a conflict, and lessens the rescheduling load, all while considering everyone's preferences and working hours.

## An AI assistant for every type of busy

Measurable impact, from day one.
Protect your deep work time and mitigate interruptions so you can find your flow and focus.
Automate scheduling with busy teammates and adjust schedules to shifting priorities, all while respecting everyone’s work preferences.
Shortcut calendar coordination with external contacts and minimize conflicts so meetings happen at the best time for everyone.

## Boost productivity at scale with enterprise-grade security

We protect your data from the moment you create your account. We use Google’s OAuth service to securely connect your Clockwise account with your work email and use TLS and AES encryption to protect your data in transit and at rest.

## Let AI do the calendar busy work

Make time for what matters today.

--------------------