# Content Planner by Senuto
**URL:** https://lp.senuto.com/producthunt
**Page Title:** Senuto LP PH
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 5 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie api.senuto.com 1 CAKEPHP Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 dmn_chk_# [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.senuto.com consent.cookiebot.com gr.senuto.com 7 CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie calendly.com assets.capterra.com hubspot.com twitter.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie calendly.com highcharts.com hsforms.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 5 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.senuto.com 1 CAKEPHP Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 dmn_chk_# [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.senuto.com consent.cookiebot.com gr.senuto.com 7 CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- calendly.com assets.capterra.com hubspot.com twitter.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- calendly.com highcharts.com hsforms.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie enterprise.senuto.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.senuto.com 1 userLang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- enterprise.senuto.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.senuto.com 1 userLang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie WordPress.com 1 Learn more about this provider g.gif Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker app.checklist.gg app.senuto.com 4 ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage app.senuto.com app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gr.senuto.com 1 timeout Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 2 gaVisitorUuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie gaUserPageSessionVisit Stores data on the time spent on the website and its sub-pages, during the current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- WordPress.com 1 Learn more about this provider g.gif Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- app.checklist.gg app.senuto.com 4 ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.senuto.com app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- gr.senuto.com 1 timeout Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 2 gaVisitorUuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie gaUserPageSessionVisit Stores data on the time spent on the website and its sub-pages, during the current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbc This cookie is used by Facebook to target advertisement based on user behavior and preferences across multiple websites. The cookie contains an encrypted ID which allows Facebook to identify the user across websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider viral-links/v1/tracking Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage assetslp.link 1 yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage store.senuto.com 1 pixelcat_id Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 grUuidHasBeenSet Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbc This cookie is used by Facebook to target advertisement based on user behavior and preferences across multiple websites. The cookie contains an encrypted ID which allows Facebook to identify the user across websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider viral-links/v1/tracking Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- assetslp.link 1 yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- store.senuto.com 1 pixelcat_id Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 grUuidHasBeenSet Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider multiFbc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Amazon 9 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider cal_anonymous_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 4 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB app.checklist.gg 10 d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage nhostSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.senuto.com 1 layout Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gr.senuto.com 3 webformv2_opened_11 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_22 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie lp.senuto.com 1 ls_sid_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie senuto.com 11 utm_backup_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_campaign_term Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_term_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaDomain-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider multiFbc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 9 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider cal_anonymous_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 4 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- app.checklist.gg 10 d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage nhostSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.senuto.com 1 layout Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- gr.senuto.com 3 webformv2_opened_11 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_22 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- lp.senuto.com 1 ls_sid_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- senuto.com 11 utm_backup_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_campaign_term Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_term_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaDomain-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie

## Generate smart content plans

Elevate your SEO - create content 10x faster

## Improve your website infrastructre

## Build your Topical Authority

NO CREDIT CARD NEEDED

## Content Planner by

Leave your contact details and one of our Specialists will be in touch shortly to tell you more about Senuto's functionalities, pricing plans and how our app can help your business.

### Content Planner is one of three tools available in our Content Suite

Plan articles according to the idea of topical authority
With Content Planner, you can effortlessly generate comprehensive article guidelines to enhance your website's traffic. By incorporating such content, you will build your topical authority and achieve high positions for those keywords that are most relevant to your audience and clients.
Trust the data
Relying solely on intuition may not always be the optimal approach. By leveraging proven data to guide your content creation, you will increase your chances of achieving your goals.
Streamline the keyword research process and efficiently group keywords into larger topic clusters. This will pave the way for your website to align with a silo structure, optimizing its organization and SEO.
Simplify your work
Don't outsource your content planning to external professionals - create a highly effective plan yourself in just a matter of minutes. With the right tools and strategies, you can take control of your content strategy.
Do it yourself

## Planner

## Writer

Senuto's Content Writer module provides precise guidelines on incorporating keywords, headers, and questions into your text to meet Google's requirements. By following these recommendations, you can optimize your content and unlock the path to achieve TOP 10 rankings on search engine results pages.
Write content that's perfect for SEO
Track your results daily
The ultimate measure of SEO success for your content is results, and Senuto Rank Tracker ensures you stay updated with daily data updates and offers analysis tools to further enhance your analysis.

## Tracker

### See Content Planner in action Check out the video below

Our Customer Success Specialist, Martyna, has prepared a short demonstration on how to get the most out of the Content Planner.
Senuto is a well established product with over 8 years on the market.

### More about Senuto

You won’t feel lost or left behind - we provide you with comprehensive learning materials and an experienced support team to handle all your issues.
Senuto’s Content Suite is a unique proposition in the world of SEO tools that will give you real advantage over your competitors.
With prices starting from just $24 per month, Senuto stands out as one of the most affordable SEO/content apps available in the market, offering an unparalleled price-to-quality ratio.
14 DAYS FOR FREE
© 2023 Senuto. All rights reserved.

--------------------