# CuRL
**URL:** https://curl.se
**Page Title:** curl
--------------------

[LINK: Browse source](https://github.com/curl/curl)
[LINK: Release log](/docs/releases.html)
[LINK: Documentation](/docs/)
[LINK: Project](/docs/projdocs.html)
[LINK: FAQ](/docs/faq.html)
[LINK: Help us](/docs/help-us.html)
[LINK: Known bugs](/docs/knownbugs.html)
[LINK: Known risks](/docs/knownrisks.html)
[LINK: TODO](/docs/todo.html)
[LINK: Protocols](/docs/protdocs.html)
[LINK: CA bundle](/docs/caextract.html)
[LINK: HTTP Cookies](/docs/http-cookies.html)
[LINK: SSL Certs](/docs/sslcerts.html)
[LINK: Releases](/docs/reldocs.html)
[LINK: Security](/docs/security.html)
[LINK: Version numbers](/docs/versions.html)
[LINK: Vulnerabilities](/docs/vulnerabilities.html)
[LINK: curl tool](/docs/tooldocs.html)
[LINK: man page](/docs/manpage.html)
[LINK: Tutorial](/docs/tutorial.html)
[LINK: HTTP scripting](/docs/httpscripting.html)
[LINK: Videos](/docs/videos/)
[LINK: Who and Why](/docs/whodocs.html)
[LINK: IRC / chat](/docs/irc.html)
[LINK: Video presentations](/docs/videos/)
[LINK: Report a bug](https://github.com/curl/curl/issues)
command line tool and
library for transferring data with URLs (since 1998)

## What is curl used for?

curl is used in command lines or scripts to transfer data. curl is
also libcurl , used in cars, television sets, routers, printers, audio
equipment, mobile phones, tablets, medical devices, settop boxes, computer
games, media players and is the Internet transfer engine for countless
software applications in over twenty billion installations .
curl is used daily by virtually every Internet-using human on the globe.

## curl supports

## Who makes curl?

curl is free and open source software and exists
thanks to thousands of contributors and our
awesome sponsors . The curl
project follows well
established open source best practices . You too
can help us improve!
[LINK: open source](docs/copyright.html)
[LINK: thousands of contributors](docs/thanks.html)
[LINK: help us](docs/help-us.html)

## What is the latest curl?

The most recent stable version is 8.18.0 , released on 2026-01-07.
Currently, 91 of the listed downloads are of the latest version.

## Where is the code?

Check out the latest source code from GitHub .
[LINK: source code from GitHub](https://github.com/curl/curl)

--------------------