# D-ID Creative Reality
**URL:** http://d-id.com
**Page Title:** D-ID | The #1 Choice for AI Generated Video Creation Platform
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Dreamdata 1 Learn more about this provider dd_user_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 2 Learn more about this provider cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie agent.d-id.com 1 did_external_key_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com g2crowd.com hubapi.com twitter.com vimeo.com 6 __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.d-id.com 6 experiments Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie hash_key Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie taki Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie loglevel:c-announcement-bar Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:c-form-hubspot Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:c-form-marketo Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Dreamdata 1 Learn more about this provider dd_user_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 2 Learn more about this provider cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- agent.d-id.com 1 did_external_key_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com g2crowd.com hubapi.com twitter.com vimeo.com 6 __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.d-id.com 6 experiments Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie hash_key Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie taki Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie loglevel:c-announcement-bar Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:c-form-hubspot Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:c-form-marketo Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.d-id.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.d-id.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Dreamdata 2 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider dicbo_id Collects statistics concerning the visitors' use of the website and its general functionality. This is used to optimize and compile reports on the website for comparison through a third party analysis service. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Trendemon 6 Learn more about this provider trd_userpagehistory Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_cid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_ma_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie trd_vid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_vuid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie api/events/pageview Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker VWO 3 Learn more about this provider _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie agent.d-id.com 2 track_enabled Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tracking_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.mxpnl.com 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_1a34d015dabbfa3d87482f1a647861fd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_1a34d015dabbfa3d87482f1a647861fd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie player.vimeo.com agent.d-id.com 4 _dd_s [x2] Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.d-id.com 2 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Dreamdata 2 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider dicbo_id Collects statistics concerning the visitors' use of the website and its general functionality. This is used to optimize and compile reports on the website for comparison through a third party analysis service. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Trendemon 6 Learn more about this provider trd_userpagehistory Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_cid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_ma_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie trd_vid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_vuid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie api/events/pageview Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- VWO 3 Learn more about this provider _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- agent.d-id.com 2 track_enabled Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tracking_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.mxpnl.com 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_1a34d015dabbfa3d87482f1a647861fd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_1a34d015dabbfa3d87482f1a647861fd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- player.vimeo.com agent.d-id.com 4 _dd_s [x2] Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.d-id.com 2 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Dreamdata 3 Learn more about this provider dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __ptbe.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider insight_tag_errors.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Oktopost 2 Learn more about this provider oktolead-0019ed69l62kvhb-Phone Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie oktolead-0019ed69l62kvhb-Url Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider unifiedPixel Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Trendemon 9 Learn more about this provider trd_acc_2675 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_acc_2675_ts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_frequencyControlHistory Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_vid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_vuid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage api/events/uplift Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker trd_gavid_2675 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_gvid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_vid_2675 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mpq_#_# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Dreamdata 3 Learn more about this provider dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __ptbe.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider insight_tag_errors.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Oktopost 2 Learn more about this provider oktolead-0019ed69l62kvhb-Phone Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie oktolead-0019ed69l62kvhb-Url Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Outbrain 1 Learn more about this provider unifiedPixel Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Trendemon 9 Learn more about this provider trd_acc_2675 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_acc_2675_ts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_frequencyControlHistory Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_vid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage trd_vuid_l Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage api/events/uplift Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker trd_gavid_2675 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_gvid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie trd_vid_2675 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mpq_#_# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. agent.d-id.com 1 ld:#:# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.d-id.com 2 did_lang_redirect_done Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- agent.d-id.com 1 ld:#:# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.d-id.com 2 did_lang_redirect_done Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
Are you enjoying your D-ID experience? Leave a G2 review and help spread the word >>
The leading digital human platform that helps organizations explain clearly, engage personally, and scale messaging across every audience and channel.
TRUSTED BY
Create high-quality content in minutes, not days. D-ID is built for speed—perfect for keeping up with real-time training, marketing, sales, or support needs.
Every detail is in your control. From avatar style and voice to backgrounds, layouts, and media, D-ID makes it easy to customize both videos and interactive agents to fit your brand’s identity and tone.
Speak your audience’s language—literally. D-ID supports video creation and real-time interactions in 120+ languages, helping you connect authentically with global audiences.
Skip the production costs. D-ID replaces expensive video shooting with AI efficiency, giving you professional-grade results at a fraction of the price.
Plug it right into your workflow through our API. D-ID works smoothly with your favorite tools and platforms so you can create and deploy videos or visual agents without disruption.
Create once, scale infinitely. Whether you’re making one video or one thousand, D-ID handles volume without sacrificing quality or creativity. Reliable performance, permission controls, and compliant infrastructure for large organizations.
- Generate polished, multilingual avatar videos from scripts. briefs, decks, or documents. Fast, consistent, and on brand, built for organizations that need to communicate complex information at scale. LEARN MORE Create a video
Generate polished, multilingual avatar videos from scripts. briefs, decks, or documents. Fast, consistent, and on brand, built for organizations that need to communicate complex information at scale. LEARN MORE
- Deploy real-time, conversational avatars that engage users face to face, respond naturally, and operate in multiple languages. These interactive agents can carry out tasks, trigger workflows, and deliver personalized experiences. Fully embeddable and built on a secure, enterprise-grade foundation, they bring humanlike interaction to every digital touchpoint. LEARN MORE Build an Agent
Deploy real-time, conversational avatars that engage users face to face, respond naturally, and operate in multiple languages. These interactive agents can carry out tasks, trigger workflows, and deliver personalized experiences. Fully embeddable and built on a secure, enterprise-grade foundation, they bring humanlike interaction to every digital touchpoint. LEARN MORE
- Build realistic digital humans from images or video for both offline videos and real-time experiences. With voice cloning and multilingual output, AI avatars deliver consistent, on-brand presence at scale. LEARN MORE Try it for free
Build realistic digital humans from images or video for both offline videos and real-time experiences. With voice cloning and multilingual output, AI avatars deliver consistent, on-brand presence at scale. LEARN MORE
Integrate D-ID’s advanced AI features into your app or platform with ease
[LINK: Read our documentation](https://docs.d-id.com/reference/get-started)

## Developers

Leverage our API to build your own products with AI Avatars for offline videos or real-time, interactive experiences within your applications
[LINK: Learn more](https://docs.d-id.com/reference/get-started)

## Marketing

Boost performance across the marketing funnel by using AI Avatars for personalized video content at scale in any language or employ interactive Agents to nurture engagement

## Content Creators

Scale up your video production with a digital twin who can say whatever you want in any language you choose. Train an agent on your content and enable 24/7 personal engagement with your community

## Learning and Development

Create video lessons at scale using lifelike, perfectly lip-synced Avatars, localized for global learners. For real-time engagement, deploy custom-trained AI Agents that serve as personal tutors, tailored to your knowledge base for seamless, on-demand learning

## Sales Enablement

Use lifelike AI Avatars to create engaging product demos, presentations, and multilingual content. Deploy custom-trained AI Agents to guide prospects through the sales journey, answering questions and providing personalized assistance on demand in real time

## Customer Experience

Create multilingual support videos with AI Avatars, and use AI Agents to deliver instant, personalized, 24/7 customer service, improving satisfaction and loyalty

## Developers

Leverage our API to build your own products with AI Avatars for offline videos or real-time, interactive experiences within your applications
[LINK: Learn more](https://docs.d-id.com/reference/get-started)

## Marketing

Boost performance across the marketing funnel by using AI Avatars for personalized video content at scale in any language or employ interactive Agents to nurture engagement
Evolve your workflows with our AI video integrations with Microsoft PowerPoint, Canva, Google Slides, and other third-party platforms

### Privacy

We ensure that your data is protected, adhering to the highest standards through advanced technology and strict compliance protocols

### Security

Our commitment to security is backed by the highest certification standards and implemented through leading-edge technology

### Ethics

We ensure our products benefit society, working with customers to maintain responsible use, and build “ethical use” clauses into our terms and conditions

### Support

Our dedicated 24/7 support is here for all API and studio customers, providing timely assistance and ensuring seamless integration of our AI solutions into your systems
The interface that humanizes interactions with everything digital. Develop interfaces that intuitively understand user needs and facilitate  better communication. No typing, no clicking, just face-to-face conversation.
- “D-ID exceeded all of my expectations with their generative AI solutions. Their technology transformed my project, Convo.ai, from a standard AI mobile solution to something that is truly unique & intuitive. Their commitment to excellence and cutting-edge technology make D-ID the go-to choice for anyone seeking superior generative AI services.” Andrew McCalla Founder & CEO, Convo AI
“D-ID exceeded all of my expectations with their generative AI solutions. Their technology transformed my project, Convo.ai, from a standard AI mobile solution to something that is truly unique & intuitive. Their commitment to excellence and cutting-edge technology make D-ID the go-to choice for anyone seeking superior generative AI services.”
- “As a Conversational AI provider, by using D-ID technology we’re able to showcase our value proposition of having a live conversation with a generated photorealistic person in real-time using a neural voice across different channels (web and app). D-ID’s API is well documented and the D-ID technical team was very supportive during the implementation phase.” Fernando Moreira Senior Program Director, Defined AI
“As a Conversational AI provider, by using D-ID technology we’re able to showcase our value proposition of having a live conversation with a generated photorealistic person in real-time using a neural voice across different channels (web and app). D-ID’s API is well documented and the D-ID technical team was very supportive during the implementation phase.”
- “Marketing is a unique domain in that it must evolve at the same speed as consumers in order to maintain a strong connection with them. With the decrease in consumer attention spans, video has reigned king in the marketing world. Once GenAI was introduced into the mix, creating an AI avatar for Pitango was an intuitive next step to nurture our connection with our readers. Bringing our newsletter to life through an avatar allows us to cut through the noise of other traditional media that bombards our readers’ mailboxes, while also leaving an exciting impression on them. Finding the ultimate solution within our own portfolio was a true gift thanks to D-ID.” Sharon Erde Head of Marketing, Pitango
“Marketing is a unique domain in that it must evolve at the same speed as consumers in order to maintain a strong connection with them. With the decrease in consumer attention spans, video has reigned king in the marketing world. Once GenAI was introduced into the mix, creating an AI avatar for Pitango was an intuitive next step to nurture our connection with our readers.
Bringing our newsletter to life through an avatar allows us to cut through the noise of other traditional media that bombards our readers’ mailboxes, while also leaving an exciting impression on them. Finding the ultimate solution within our own portfolio was a true gift thanks to D-ID.”
- MyHeritage is excited to partner with D-ID and integrate its technology into MyHeritage’s suite of advanced photo features. Historical photos provide us with a tangible link to our past. Seeing our ancestors’ faces come to life through video reenactment deepens our connection to our family history and is simply breathtaking Gilad Japhet Founder & CEO, at MyHeritage
MyHeritage is excited to partner with D-ID and integrate its technology into MyHeritage’s suite of advanced photo features. Historical photos provide us with a tangible link to our past. Seeing our ancestors’ faces come to life through video reenactment deepens our connection to our family history and is simply breathtaking
- We were thrilled to be working with D-ID on this extraordinary campaign, and look forward to future collaborations. Simon Crowther Marketing Director, at Mondelēz
We were thrilled to be working with D-ID on this extraordinary campaign, and look forward to future collaborations.
- Studio DI-D is a key partner for Grupo Fórmula and its subsidiary companies, TVOAI, Radio Formula. Thanks to its technology, we have developed high-impact content that has caused a huge stir in the media industry in Mexico and LATAM. I am certain that in the future we will continue to strengthen our collaboration given that artificial intelligence will be used more and more intensively in content creation. Oswaldo Alejandro Aguilar Castro TVOAI Programming Manager, Development of AI Projects and Systems Infrastructure, Radio Fórmula
Studio DI-D is a key partner for Grupo Fórmula and its subsidiary companies, TVOAI, Radio Formula. Thanks to its technology, we have developed high-impact content that has caused a huge stir in the media industry in Mexico and LATAM. I am certain that in the future we will continue to strengthen our collaboration given that artificial intelligence will be used more and more intensively in content creation.
- “In summary, D-ID has been the best solution we’ve found for achieving our mission. Their technology is not just innovative but also perfectly aligns with our focus on Social Emotional Learning (SEL), adding an emotionally resonant layer to the learning environment. We couldn’t have asked for a better partner in pioneering the future of English learning.” Michael Peled CEO, SingIt
“In summary, D-ID has been the best solution we’ve found for achieving our mission. Their technology is not just innovative but also perfectly aligns with our focus on Social Emotional Learning (SEL), adding an emotionally resonant layer to the learning environment. We couldn’t have asked for a better partner in pioneering the future of English learning.”
- “We at SPIN, enjoy working with D-ID a lot. It has helped us to make our learning courses more accessible and engaging for our learners. Besides that, we can create these courses for a shorter period and without the need to travel.” Drin Ferataj Project Manager and Sport for Development Expert, SPIN Sport Innovation
“We at SPIN, enjoy working with D-ID a lot. It has helped us to make our learning courses more accessible and engaging for our learners. Besides that, we can create these courses for a shorter period and without the need to travel.”
- “Personalization is not just a trend; it’s the cornerstone of effective engagement. By addressing our recipients by name, we stood out in their crowded inboxes and deepened our connection with them. This campaign is a testament to how D-ID can transform email marketing into a highly personalized, engaging, and impactful tool. This is just the beginning of how we plan to revolutionize customer interactions and set new standards in the marketing world.” Tomer Zuker VP Marketing, D-ID
“Personalization is not just a trend; it’s the cornerstone of effective engagement. By addressing our recipients by name, we stood out in their crowded inboxes and deepened our connection with them. This campaign is a testament to how D-ID can transform email marketing into a highly personalized, engaging, and impactful tool. This is just the beginning of how we plan to revolutionize customer interactions and set new standards in the marketing world.”
- “D-ID exceeded all of my expectations with their generative AI solutions. Their technology transformed my project, Convo.ai, from a standard AI mobile solution to something that is truly unique & intuitive. Their commitment to excellence and cutting-edge technology make D-ID the go-to choice for anyone seeking superior generative AI services.” Andrew McCalla Founder & CEO, Convo AI
“D-ID exceeded all of my expectations with their generative AI solutions. Their technology transformed my project, Convo.ai, from a standard AI mobile solution to something that is truly unique & intuitive. Their commitment to excellence and cutting-edge technology make D-ID the go-to choice for anyone seeking superior generative AI services.”
- “As a Conversational AI provider, by using D-ID technology we’re able to showcase our value proposition of having a live conversation with a generated photorealistic person in real-time using a neural voice across different channels (web and app). D-ID’s API is well documented and the D-ID technical team was very supportive during the implementation phase.” Fernando Moreira Senior Program Director, Defined AI
“As a Conversational AI provider, by using D-ID technology we’re able to showcase our value proposition of having a live conversation with a generated photorealistic person in real-time using a neural voice across different channels (web and app). D-ID’s API is well documented and the D-ID technical team was very supportive during the implementation phase.”
- “Marketing is a unique domain in that it must evolve at the same speed as consumers in order to maintain a strong connection with them. With the decrease in consumer attention spans, video has reigned king in the marketing world. Once GenAI was introduced into the mix, creating an AI avatar for Pitango was an intuitive next step to nurture our connection with our readers. Bringing our newsletter to life through an avatar allows us to cut through the noise of other traditional media that bombards our readers’ mailboxes, while also leaving an exciting impression on them. Finding the ultimate solution within our own portfolio was a true gift thanks to D-ID.” Sharon Erde Head of Marketing, Pitango
“Marketing is a unique domain in that it must evolve at the same speed as consumers in order to maintain a strong connection with them. With the decrease in consumer attention spans, video has reigned king in the marketing world. Once GenAI was introduced into the mix, creating an AI avatar for Pitango was an intuitive next step to nurture our connection with our readers.
Bringing our newsletter to life through an avatar allows us to cut through the noise of other traditional media that bombards our readers’ mailboxes, while also leaving an exciting impression on them. Finding the ultimate solution within our own portfolio was a true gift thanks to D-ID.”
- MyHeritage is excited to partner with D-ID and integrate its technology into MyHeritage’s suite of advanced photo features. Historical photos provide us with a tangible link to our past. Seeing our ancestors’ faces come to life through video reenactment deepens our connection to our family history and is simply breathtaking Gilad Japhet Founder & CEO, at MyHeritage
MyHeritage is excited to partner with D-ID and integrate its technology into MyHeritage’s suite of advanced photo features. Historical photos provide us with a tangible link to our past. Seeing our ancestors’ faces come to life through video reenactment deepens our connection to our family history and is simply breathtaking
- We were thrilled to be working with D-ID on this extraordinary campaign, and look forward to future collaborations. Simon Crowther Marketing Director, at Mondelēz
We were thrilled to be working with D-ID on this extraordinary campaign, and look forward to future collaborations.
- Studio DI-D is a key partner for Grupo Fórmula and its subsidiary companies, TVOAI, Radio Formula. Thanks to its technology, we have developed high-impact content that has caused a huge stir in the media industry in Mexico and LATAM. I am certain that in the future we will continue to strengthen our collaboration given that artificial intelligence will be used more and more intensively in content creation. Oswaldo Alejandro Aguilar Castro TVOAI Programming Manager, Development of AI Projects and Systems Infrastructure, Radio Fórmula
Studio DI-D is a key partner for Grupo Fórmula and its subsidiary companies, TVOAI, Radio Formula. Thanks to its technology, we have developed high-impact content that has caused a huge stir in the media industry in Mexico and LATAM. I am certain that in the future we will continue to strengthen our collaboration given that artificial intelligence will be used more and more intensively in content creation.
- “In summary, D-ID has been the best solution we’ve found for achieving our mission. Their technology is not just innovative but also perfectly aligns with our focus on Social Emotional Learning (SEL), adding an emotionally resonant layer to the learning environment. We couldn’t have asked for a better partner in pioneering the future of English learning.” Michael Peled CEO, SingIt
“In summary, D-ID has been the best solution we’ve found for achieving our mission. Their technology is not just innovative but also perfectly aligns with our focus on Social Emotional Learning (SEL), adding an emotionally resonant layer to the learning environment. We couldn’t have asked for a better partner in pioneering the future of English learning.”
- “We at SPIN, enjoy working with D-ID a lot. It has helped us to make our learning courses more accessible and engaging for our learners. Besides that, we can create these courses for a shorter period and without the need to travel.” Drin Ferataj Project Manager and Sport for Development Expert, SPIN Sport Innovation
“We at SPIN, enjoy working with D-ID a lot. It has helped us to make our learning courses more accessible and engaging for our learners. Besides that, we can create these courses for a shorter period and without the need to travel.”
- “Personalization is not just a trend; it’s the cornerstone of effective engagement. By addressing our recipients by name, we stood out in their crowded inboxes and deepened our connection with them. This campaign is a testament to how D-ID can transform email marketing into a highly personalized, engaging, and impactful tool. This is just the beginning of how we plan to revolutionize customer interactions and set new standards in the marketing world.” Tomer Zuker VP Marketing, D-ID
“Personalization is not just a trend; it’s the cornerstone of effective engagement. By addressing our recipients by name, we stood out in their crowded inboxes and deepened our connection with them. This campaign is a testament to how D-ID can transform email marketing into a highly personalized, engaging, and impactful tool. This is just the beginning of how we plan to revolutionize customer interactions and set new standards in the marketing world.”
- “D-ID exceeded all of my expectations with their generative AI solutions. Their technology transformed my project, Convo.ai, from a standard AI mobile solution to something that is truly unique & intuitive. Their commitment to excellence and cutting-edge technology make D-ID the go-to choice for anyone seeking superior generative AI services.” Andrew McCalla Founder & CEO, Convo AI
“D-ID exceeded all of my expectations with their generative AI solutions. Their technology transformed my project, Convo.ai, from a standard AI mobile solution to something that is truly unique & intuitive. Their commitment to excellence and cutting-edge technology make D-ID the go-to choice for anyone seeking superior generative AI services.”
- “As a Conversational AI provider, by using D-ID technology we’re able to showcase our value proposition of having a live conversation with a generated photorealistic person in real-time using a neural voice across different channels (web and app). D-ID’s API is well documented and the D-ID technical team was very supportive during the implementation phase.” Fernando Moreira Senior Program Director, Defined AI
“As a Conversational AI provider, by using D-ID technology we’re able to showcase our value proposition of having a live conversation with a generated photorealistic person in real-time using a neural voice across different channels (web and app). D-ID’s API is well documented and the D-ID technical team was very supportive during the implementation phase.”
- “Marketing is a unique domain in that it must evolve at the same speed as consumers in order to maintain a strong connection with them. With the decrease in consumer attention spans, video has reigned king in the marketing world. Once GenAI was introduced into the mix, creating an AI avatar for Pitango was an intuitive next step to nurture our connection with our readers. Bringing our newsletter to life through an avatar allows us to cut through the noise of other traditional media that bombards our readers’ mailboxes, while also leaving an exciting impression on them. Finding the ultimate solution within our own portfolio was a true gift thanks to D-ID.” Sharon Erde Head of Marketing, Pitango
“Marketing is a unique domain in that it must evolve at the same speed as consumers in order to maintain a strong connection with them. With the decrease in consumer attention spans, video has reigned king in the marketing world. Once GenAI was introduced into the mix, creating an AI avatar for Pitango was an intuitive next step to nurture our connection with our readers.
Bringing our newsletter to life through an avatar allows us to cut through the noise of other traditional media that bombards our readers’ mailboxes, while also leaving an exciting impression on them. Finding the ultimate solution within our own portfolio was a true gift thanks to D-ID.”
- MyHeritage is excited to partner with D-ID and integrate its technology into MyHeritage’s suite of advanced photo features. Historical photos provide us with a tangible link to our past. Seeing our ancestors’ faces come to life through video reenactment deepens our connection to our family history and is simply breathtaking Gilad Japhet Founder & CEO, at MyHeritage
MyHeritage is excited to partner with D-ID and integrate its technology into MyHeritage’s suite of advanced photo features. Historical photos provide us with a tangible link to our past. Seeing our ancestors’ faces come to life through video reenactment deepens our connection to our family history and is simply breathtaking
- We were thrilled to be working with D-ID on this extraordinary campaign, and look forward to future collaborations. Simon Crowther Marketing Director, at Mondelēz
We were thrilled to be working with D-ID on this extraordinary campaign, and look forward to future collaborations.
- Studio DI-D is a key partner for Grupo Fórmula and its subsidiary companies, TVOAI, Radio Formula. Thanks to its technology, we have developed high-impact content that has caused a huge stir in the media industry in Mexico and LATAM. I am certain that in the future we will continue to strengthen our collaboration given that artificial intelligence will be used more and more intensively in content creation. Oswaldo Alejandro Aguilar Castro TVOAI Programming Manager, Development of AI Projects and Systems Infrastructure, Radio Fórmula
Studio DI-D is a key partner for Grupo Fórmula and its subsidiary companies, TVOAI, Radio Formula. Thanks to its technology, we have developed high-impact content that has caused a huge stir in the media industry in Mexico and LATAM. I am certain that in the future we will continue to strengthen our collaboration given that artificial intelligence will be used more and more intensively in content creation.
- “In summary, D-ID has been the best solution we’ve found for achieving our mission. Their technology is not just innovative but also perfectly aligns with our focus on Social Emotional Learning (SEL), adding an emotionally resonant layer to the learning environment. We couldn’t have asked for a better partner in pioneering the future of English learning.” Michael Peled CEO, SingIt
“In summary, D-ID has been the best solution we’ve found for achieving our mission. Their technology is not just innovative but also perfectly aligns with our focus on Social Emotional Learning (SEL), adding an emotionally resonant layer to the learning environment. We couldn’t have asked for a better partner in pioneering the future of English learning.”
- “We at SPIN, enjoy working with D-ID a lot. It has helped us to make our learning courses more accessible and engaging for our learners. Besides that, we can create these courses for a shorter period and without the need to travel.” Drin Ferataj Project Manager and Sport for Development Expert, SPIN Sport Innovation
“We at SPIN, enjoy working with D-ID a lot. It has helped us to make our learning courses more accessible and engaging for our learners. Besides that, we can create these courses for a shorter period and without the need to travel.”
- “Personalization is not just a trend; it’s the cornerstone of effective engagement. By addressing our recipients by name, we stood out in their crowded inboxes and deepened our connection with them. This campaign is a testament to how D-ID can transform email marketing into a highly personalized, engaging, and impactful tool. This is just the beginning of how we plan to revolutionize customer interactions and set new standards in the marketing world.” Tomer Zuker VP Marketing, D-ID
“Personalization is not just a trend; it’s the cornerstone of effective engagement. By addressing our recipients by name, we stood out in their crowded inboxes and deepened our connection with them. This campaign is a testament to how D-ID can transform email marketing into a highly personalized, engaging, and impactful tool. This is just the beginning of how we plan to revolutionize customer interactions and set new standards in the marketing world.”
- D-ID’s Creative Reality™ Studio is a self-service platform featuring the best generative AI tools to enable users to create videos with moving and talking avatars. Combining the powers of D-ID’s deep-learning face animation technology with LLM text generation, and text-to-image capabilities, the Creative Reality™ Studio is an all-in-one platform for those seeking to create cutting-edge videos with the power of artificial intelligence. The Creative Reality™ Studio is available on desktop and mobile.
D-ID’s Creative Reality™ Studio is a self-service platform featuring the best generative AI tools to enable users to create videos with moving and talking avatars. Combining the powers of D-ID’s deep-learning face animation technology with LLM text generation, and text-to-image capabilities, the Creative Reality™ Studio is an all-in-one platform for those seeking to create cutting-edge videos with the power of artificial intelligence. The Creative Reality™ Studio is available on desktop and mobile.
- The  Creative Reality™ Studio was developed for businesses and individual content creators who want to use avatars to create AI videos featuring digital humans for a wide range of commercial and creative purposes.
The  Creative Reality™ Studio was developed for businesses and individual content creators who want to use avatars to create AI videos featuring digital humans for a wide range of commercial and creative purposes.
- All videos are generated in MP4 format Output video resolution depends on the AI Presenter you are using Standard AI Presenter output resolution is up to 1280×1280 pixels on all plans Premium AI Presenter (marked with an HQ badge) output resolution Lite plan – Premium presenters not supported Trial, Pro, Advanced and Enterprise plans – 1080p
All videos are generated in MP4 format
Output video resolution depends on the AI Presenter you are using Standard AI Presenter output resolution is up to 1280×1280 pixels on all plans Premium AI Presenter (marked with an HQ badge) output resolution Lite plan – Premium presenters not supported Trial, Pro, Advanced and Enterprise plans – 1080p
- When using D-ID Creative Reality Studio or D-ID API, the video length is limited to 5 min.
When using D-ID Creative Reality Studio or D-ID API, the video length is limited to 5 min.
- When using D-ID Creative Reality Studio or D-ID API, the image size is limited to 10 MB. Supported formats – JPEG, JPG, PNG
- When using D-ID Creative Reality Studio or D-ID API, the image size is limited to 10 MB.
- Supported formats – JPEG, JPG, PNG
- There are three ways to animate faces on the Creative Reality™ Studio Select from one of the existing pre-made avatars Upload a facial image Use our Stable Diffusion-powered text-to-image portrait generator – Image prompting is a mix of art and science. Our image-generating software is optimized to produce faces that can be animated in the studio, but there is a lot of room for creativity. To get started, we suggest you select one of the pre-created prompts and try out variations of those. Alternatively, try searching for prompts and inspiration on Lexica or numerous prompt-building platforms available online.
There are three ways to animate faces on the Creative Reality™ Studio
- Select from one of the existing pre-made avatars
- Upload a facial image
- Use our Stable Diffusion-powered text-to-image portrait generator – Image prompting is a mix of art and science. Our image-generating software is optimized to produce faces that can be animated in the studio, but there is a lot of room for creativity. To get started, we suggest you select one of the pre-created prompts and try out variations of those. Alternatively, try searching for prompts and inspiration on Lexica or numerous prompt-building platforms available online.
- Image prompting is a mix of art and science. Our image-generating software is optimized to produce faces that can be animated in the studio, but there is a lot of room for creativity. To get started, we suggest you select one of the pre-created prompts and try out variations of those. Alternatively, try searching for prompts and inspiration on one of numerous prompt-building platforms available online.
Image prompting is a mix of art and science. Our image-generating software is optimized to produce faces that can be animated in the studio, but there is a lot of room for creativity. To get started, we suggest you select one of the pre-created prompts and try out variations of those. Alternatively, try searching for prompts and inspiration on one of numerous prompt-building platforms available online.
- Please go to the Account page in the studio, and generate your API key. Note that it is mandatory to have valid credits in your account to use the API.
Please go to the Account page in the studio, and generate your API key. Note that it is mandatory to have valid credits in your account to use the API.
- We have an API tailored for this purpose – API is available here. For your reference, we also have a code sample that can be used as a baseline for implementing such a solution – can be viewed here.
We have an API tailored for this purpose – API is available here.
For your reference, we also have a code sample that can be used as a baseline for implementing such a solution – can be viewed here.

--------------------