# Dex
**URL:** https://getdex.com
**Page Title:** Dex
--------------------


## One place for your relationships — impress with thoughtfulness

Dex brings together LinkedIn, email, and all your daily tools. Keep in
      touch, remember where you left off, and see everyone you know.

## The easiest way to consolidate your relationships

Manually keeping track of who you've met takes time you don't have. You're
      wasting time copying and pasting. It's even harder to keep your contacts
      up-to-date.
Dex lets you connect to LinkedIn and other sources in minutes. New job
      titles will be synced automatically.
Spend less time on data entry and focus on what matters — building
      relationships.

## Built for people, not sales pipeline

Dealing with heavy, complicated systems like Salesforce is overkill for
      keeping in touch. Your relationships don't belong in a sales CRM.
Spend less time navigating menus and seamlessly pick up where you left
      off.

## Get more out of LinkedIn

Sync your LinkedIn network and we'll automatically keep your contacts
      up-to-date.
Dex will let you know when your connections change their title, providing
      the perfect opportunity to reach out.

## Remember what's important

Remember everything about everyone. Use Dex to store he important details
      you don't want to forget:
- How you met
- Education history
- Work
- Important dates
- Family
- Gift Ideas
- Event history
- Anything else!

## Manage your relationships anywhere, anytime

Integrate with LinkedIn, Facebook, Gmail to manage relationships in
          your existing workflow.
Take Dex on the go and maintain relationships from anywhere

## Built to be private

Your privacy is our top priority. Dex is supported by subscriptions, not
      ads. We'll never sell your data to third parties.
With Dex, you're in full control of your data. Export or delete your data
      at any time.

### Loved by thousands of professionals

I've been looking for something like Dex for a long long time and I'm so glad I found it. In a busy world, it makes me the friend that I want to be for the people I care about.
Dex has allowed me to be more intentional with both my personal and professional relationships. [...] This has led to some of my most serendipitous opportunities and has allowed me to make connections between folks in my network that I have not seen.
Dex is the first personal CRM that provides an elegant experience for managing personal relationships, while also being powerful enough to enrich professional connections.
Dex is the personal/professional CRM solution I've wanted to exist for years, but hasn't until now. I was a Contactually user in the past and have tried spreadsheets, Airtable, Pipedrive and so on - and nothing is close to Dex's focus when it comes to personal CRM.
Dex provided an easy and effective way to make sure I stayed in touch with old friends and family [...] it's also been really easy to organize my networked job search using Dex's handy reminders and groups functionality.
Dex is awesome, and is already making my life easier. Thanks for building a great product!
I am blessed to meet so many amazing people through making films and writing books and cursed that I forget to keep them close. Dex solves this problem in a way that is elegant, intuitive and best of all fun.
From networking with investors to exploring strategic partnerships, Dex makes organizing relationships simple.
Dex is the first comprehensive personal CRM solution I've used that beautifully combines robust functionality with ease of use.

### Ready to unlock your network's potential?


--------------------