# DISCO Ediscovery
**URL:** https://csdisco.com/offerings/ediscovery
**Page Title:** DISCO Ediscovery: e-Discovery Software Solutions
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
We use cookies to provide the content and functionality of DISCO’s informational website, to analyze the use of our website, and to provide relevant advertising to you. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services. Third parties with whom we collaborate can also install cookies on DISCO’s informational website. Read our Cookie Notice for more information.
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Pardot 2 Learn more about this provider visitor_id#-hash [x2] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com csdisco.com vimeo.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com g2crowd.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie hackerone.com 9 __Host-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 14 days Type : HTTP Cookie COMMAND_PALETTE_FN_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage COMMAND_PALETTE_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cookiecookie This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie h1_device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie HACKERONE_AI_WINDOW_STATE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HAI_GLOBAL_STATE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage product_area Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage product_feature Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage hackerone.com player.vimeo.com cdn.loom.com 3 dd_cookie_test_# [x3] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pardot 2 Learn more about this provider visitor_id#-hash [x2] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com csdisco.com vimeo.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com g2crowd.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- hackerone.com 9 __Host-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 14 days Type : HTTP Cookie COMMAND_PALETTE_FN_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage COMMAND_PALETTE_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cookiecookie This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie h1_device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie HACKERONE_AI_WINDOW_STATE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HAI_GLOBAL_STATE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage product_area Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage product_feature Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- hackerone.com player.vimeo.com cdn.loom.com 3 dd_cookie_test_# [x3] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Functional cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Functional cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Performance cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information. Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider _sp_root_domain_test_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 7 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service 3 Learn more about this provider lo-uid Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie lo-visits Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie lo_tabId Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie csdisco.com tools.luckyorange.com 4 lo-session [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lo-visitor [x2] Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Performance cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information.
- Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider _sp_root_domain_test_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 7 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service 3 Learn more about this provider lo-uid Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie lo-visits Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie lo_tabId Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- csdisco.com tools.luckyorange.com 4 lo-session [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lo-visitor [x2] Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Advertising and Social Media cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker DemandBase 2 Learn more about this provider tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Loom 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Pardot 3 Learn more about this provider visitor_id# [x2] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie lpv# Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UIDM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage go.csdisco.com pardot.com 2 pardot [x2] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
Advertising and Social Media cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- DemandBase 2 Learn more about this provider tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Loom 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pardot 3 Learn more about this provider visitor_id# [x2] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie lpv# Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UIDM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- go.csdisco.com pardot.com 2 pardot [x2] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. 117860281.intellimizeio.com cdn.intellimize.co 12 intellimize_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_activity_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_attributes_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_integrations_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_server_context_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_user_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider gh-test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_job-board-renderer-tracker Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Loom 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service 1 Learn more about this provider lo-domain-check-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Oktopost 2 Learn more about this provider oktolead-001jd3gmh0rzuk5-Country Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie oktolead-001jd3gmh0rzuk5-Url Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.intellimize.co 1 intellimize_tracking_policy Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 6716c4cb5dee34138060e719#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB csdisco.com 1 intellimize_data_tracking_type Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- 117860281.intellimizeio.com cdn.intellimize.co 12 intellimize_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_activity_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_attributes_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_integrations_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_server_context_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage intellimize_user_117860281 [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider gh-test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_job-board-renderer-tracker Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Loom 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Lucky Orange Web Analytics Service 1 Learn more about this provider lo-domain-check-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Oktopost 2 Learn more about this provider oktolead-001jd3gmh0rzuk5-Country Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie oktolead-001jd3gmh0rzuk5-Url Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.intellimize.co 1 intellimize_tracking_policy Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 6716c4cb5dee34138060e719#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- csdisco.com 1 intellimize_data_tracking_type Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
To learn more about cookies and other technologies we use, see our Cookie Notice .

## Ediscovery Software

## DISCO Ediscovery

Complete discovery more quickly and effectively with ediscovery software designed for leading law firms and corporate legal teams

## Ediscovery solutions built for modern legal teams

Find evidence earlier and more efficiently with our advanced yet easy-to-use ediscovery services technology. Even in the largest, most complex matters, we help you get to the facts faster so you can focus on substantive legal work.

### Accelerated ediscovery

Sub-second search speeds bring time savings to every phase of your case complex matters, allowing you to find evidence and get to case strategy faster and more efficiently

### Innovative and intuitive collaboration for legal teams

Leverage cutting-edge cloud architecture and AI — ‌including market-leading generative AI features‌ — to help your legal teams resolve cases faster with less risk and more control.

### Accessible software to manage cases of any size

Dive into the electronic discovery process with our user-friendly software, built by lawyers, for lawyers. DISCO Ediscovery is designed to be easy-to-use, and to streamline each step of the litigation lifecycle so your review teams can tackle even the largest, most complex cases with ease.

## The industry’s leading ediscovery platform

## Ediscovery tools you’ll love

Cut down document review — achieve up to a 50% reduction in document population size with integrated AI and analytics tools.

### AI and analytics

DISCO Ediscovery's AI-based architecture provides accessible enterprise-grade AI functionality, including topic clustering, tag predictions, and cross-matter AI. And our analytics capabilities allow you to perform effective early case assessment and include AI scores based on your tagging during active review.

### Intuitive search

Find your evidence faster with software made for the way legal teams work. Easy-to-use search visualization and filters make finding relevant documents a breeze.

### Robust data management

Manage your own data and electronically stored information (ESI) with sophisticated ingest and overlay tools. Use our high-speed uploader to get access to your data faster.

### Seamless ECA

Perform effective early case assessment with the full context you need. You can easily move documents between spaces while leveraging all of DISCO’s advanced tools, including AI scores.

### Streamlined productions

Quickly set up, pick metadata, and run a production in time to make your dinner plans. A million-page document production can run in as few as 25 minutes rather than hours.

### Trusted security

Your data is secure with our global infrastructure designed and managed with security best practices. DISCO is SOC2 Type 2 and ISO 27001 certified and complies with GDPR.

## Meet DISCO Ediscovery

Learn more about how DISCO can solve your ediscovery challenges.

## Why Choose DISCO

See what our valued customers have to say about DISCO
“DISCO Ediscovery has decreased total cost and made pricing more predictable.” “DISCO Ediscovery is far easier to use, more efficient, and faster.”
"We have definitely saved time and money by using DISCO.DISCO also allows us to keep billing in-house rather than passing on costs. Ultimately, DISCO software has made discovery more cost-effective for clients while also increasing revenue for the firm."
“DISCO Is the best ediscovery platform I have ever used, I appreciate how easy to use and intuitive the tool is. I don't have to waste time in the system; I can quickly find what I'm looking for and get back to work."
“The best thing about DISCO Ediscovery is how user-friendly it is, for all levels of users. I can train the most anti-tech person and have them reviewing and tagging documents in 10 minutes (and loving it)."
“DISCO Ediscovery has decreased total cost and made pricing more predictable.” “DISCO Ediscovery is far easier to use, more efficient, and faster.”
"We have definitely saved time and money by using DISCO.DISCO also allows us to keep billing in-house rather than passing on costs. Ultimately, DISCO software has made discovery more cost-effective for clients while also increasing revenue for the firm."
“DISCO Is the best ediscovery platform I have ever used, I appreciate how easy to use and intuitive the tool is. I don't have to waste time in the system; I can quickly find what I'm looking for and get back to work."
“The best thing about DISCO Ediscovery is how user-friendly it is, for all levels of users. I can train the most anti-tech person and have them reviewing and tagging documents in 10 minutes (and loving it)."

## Learn more about Ediscovery

Master search terms, Boolean logic, and more.
The firm changed ediscovery platforms mid-case because DISCO’s perfect blend of legal software and professional services were “game changers.”
How DISCO helps firms navigate class certification discovery, large data sets, and numerous custodians in class action cases.

## Frequently asked questions

### What is DISCO Ediscovery?

DISCO Ediscovery is an industry-leading ediscovery software platform designed for litigation teams, compliance teams, and law firms.

### What sets DISCO Ediscovery apart from other ediscovery software platforms?

DISCO Ediscovery is trusted by corporate litigation teams, AmLaw 200 law firms, and other legal professionals with ediscovery tools and features designed for modern EDRM workflows. Key features that set DISCO apart from other ediscovery software providers include:
- Powerful, integrated AI . DISCO Ediscovery leverages generative AI features, like Cecilia Q&A, and machine learning models to dramatically speed up case investigation and document review.
- Superior speed and performance . Built on a cloud-native architecture, the platform delivers market-leading upload, search, and document review speeds that scale to meet the needs of any case
- World-class services meet cutting-edge tech . Our expert services team, composed of certified power users, leverages the full power of our intuitive, AI-driven technology to drive winning outcomes for you.

### What AI features are included in DISCO Ediscovery?

Our top ediscovery AI features include:
- Q&A , which allows you to analyze all of the files in your case by asking questions and getting AI answers, supported by citations from your documents.
- Q&A (single doc) , which lets you ask questions about individual documents, helping you learn facts about complex, dense, and foreign-language documents.
- Doc summaries , which generates AI summaries for legal documents in your ediscovery database.
- Deposition summaries , which generates AI summaries of deposition testimony, with options for quick summaries, page-line summaries, and topical summaries.
DISCO Ediscovery also integrates with DISCO Auto Review , an AI document review tool that allows you streamline the document review process while increasing reviewer accuracy.

### How can I customize and automate EDRM workflows in DISCO Ediscovery?

DISCO Ediscovery offers a rich set of features to customize and automate your EDRM workflows, from initial matter setup through the final review, including:
- Database templates : Automate the creation of new matters with consistent, pre-set configurations.
- AI-powered review: Leverage AI to perform automated first-pass document review with Auto Review, and accelerate the process with AI-prioritized review queues that surface the most relevant documents first.
- Custom roles & permissions : You can create custom roles for your team and manage granular user permissions, allowing you to govern workflows by setting rules that allow or block access to documents based on specific criteria like tags, folders, or production status.

### How can I fast-track early case assessment in DISCO Ediscovery?

DISCO Ediscovery includes dedicated early case assessment (ECA) features that allow users to quickly ingest and investigate data and move documents to active review. ‍ Unlike other ediscovery platforms, which force teams to create a separate early case assessment database, DISCO Ediscovery uses a single database for ECA and document review. ‍ By managing ECA and document review within the same database, DISCO saves teams time and allows for seamless workflows between ECA and Active Review spaces.

### How can I automate document review with DISCO Ediscovery?

By pairing DISCO Ediscovery with DISCO Auto Review, you can fully automate the first stage of document review, saving time and increasing accuracy. ‍ DISCO Auto Review uses AI to analyze your entire ediscovery database, sorting relevant documents according to tags created by your case team. Auto Review can complete a first-pass review in a matter of hours, with 10% to 20% higher precision on average than human reviewers.

### How much cloud storage space is included with DISCO Ediscovery?

DISCO Ediscovery includes unlimited storage space, allowing for ediscovery databases of any size. Additional storage space is billed at a per GB rate, allowing you to easily scale the size of your database to handle larger cases and document volumes.

### How does DISCO Ediscovery keep my files secure?

DISCO Ediscovery includes a wide range of security controls, ensuring your files stay secure. Our cloud storage includes both in transit and at rest encryption of files, and is subject to regular vulnerability scans and penetration testing. Our platform is backed by ISO 27001 certification and is subject to an annual SOC 2 Type 2 audit, which evaluates security, availability, and privacy controls. The DISCO platform is also fully GDPR compliant. AI features and integrations in the DISCO platform adhere to your overall security program, safeguarding the security and privacy of your data. Additionally, unlike popular free AI tools, our AI features will never use your files for LLM training purposes.

### What support does DISCO provide for DISCO Ediscovery?

DISCO Ediscovery comes with dedicated training and support, along with access to DISCO Professional Services.
- DISCO Desk offers extensive platform documentation in our online knowledge base, along with dedicated web and phone support.
- DISCO University provides dedicated training for DISCO Platform users, with certifications available for Search & Review, Review Management, Data Management, and more.
- DISCO Professional Services include managed ediscovery , review , and forensics services from a team of world-class legal experts.

## DISCO Ediscovery blogs

Explore the impact of AI in ediscovery and get practical insights on how legal teams can integrate AI to streamline workflows, reduce risk, and improve outcomes
Ready to change ediscovery providers? Migrating your data has never been easier. Follow along to learn best practices that will get you from migration to production.
Explore the key factors and best practices of managing ediscovery challenges in Google Workspace using Google Vault. Learn more with the ediscovery experts at DISCO.

### Let’s Talk Ediscovery

Curious to find out how DISCO works for your organization? Accelerate review times, improve accuracy with advanced AI, and secure your data while lowering costs with competitive pricing.
See our Ediscovery platform in action with a customized demo

--------------------