# Docs
**URL:** https://docs.mirantis.com/welcome
**Page Title:** Home - Mirantis Documentation Portal
--------------------

[LINK: Documentation Portal](https://docs.mirantis.com/welcome/)
Searching for results...
Your search did not match anything from Mirantis documentation. Check your spelling or try different keywords.
An error occurred while using the search. Try your search again or contact us to let us know about it.

## Discover Mirantis Products ¶

Learn more about what our products can do for you to ship code faster and
explore our documentation on how to begin the journey.
Mirantis k0rdent Enterprise 1.2.0
A Kubernetes-native platform engineering solution that provides open source
composability to simplify the creation of use case-specific developer
platforms at scale. Mirantis k0rdent Enterprise delivers the open source
k0rdent Distributed Container Management Environment (DCME) via a secure
software supply chain, with components fully validated by Mirantis and
enhanced with additional Enterprise-class features and 24/7 Enterprise
or Fully-Managed Support.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/k0rdent-enterprise)
Mirantis Kubernetes Engine 4k 4.1.2
An evolution of the industry-leading enterprise container platform,
redesigned with open source k0s Kubernetes at the core and fully
composable architecture to deliver the highest levels of security,
stability, and performance for your specific use case and deployment
requirements.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke4k)
Mirantis Kubernetes Engine 3.8.x
An enterprise-ready container orchestration platform for Swarm/Kubernetes
containers. Utilize a microservice architecture to enable rapid, frequent
and reliable delivery of large, complex applications.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/mke)
Mirantis OpenStack for Kubernetes 25.2+2.30.0 25.2.4+2.30.4
An open source infrastucture-as-a-service (IaaS) platform to deploy, scale,
and update containerized Kubernetes public clouds on bare metal hosts.
Mirantis OpenStack for Kubernetes provides a feature-rich, mature
environment for hosting virtual machines, networks, and storage.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/mosk)
Mirantis Secure Registry 4 4.13
An enterprise-grade container registry solution that can be
integrated easily with standard Kubernetes distributions to provide
tight security controls for cloud native development. Based on Harbor,
which is open source and the only CNCF graduated container registry.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/msr)
Mirantis Secure Registry 2 2.9
An image storage solution to manage container images where they are
securely stored in a shared repository. Automate CI/CD pipelines
to speed up the delivery for your production-ready applications.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/msr/2.9)
Mirantis Container Runtime 25.0.x
A containerd-based engine that powers Mirantis Kubernetes Engine (MKE)
and integrates seamlessly with Mirantis Secure Registry (MSR) to meet
the needs of your business-critical applications.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.mirantis.com/mcr)
Lens IDE for Kubernetes
Lens, the IDE for Kubernetes, empowers you to easily manage, develop,
debug, monitor, and troubleshoot their apps across a fleet of clusters.
Lens supports any certified Kubernetes distro on any infrastructure
with real time observability.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.k8slens.dev)
k0rdent
Composable, declarative Kubernetes platform for engineering and
operations. Build, automate, and manage Internal Developer Platforms
(IDPs) optimized for any workload, any infrastructure, at any scale.
100% open source and free.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.k0rdent.io)
K0s Kubernetes Distribution
Zero friction, zero deps, zeo cost. Build, deploy, and run Kubernetes
clusters at any scale. It is as simple as copying an executable and
running it on any host with x86-64, AR64, and ARMv7 CPU architecture.
K0s is free for personal or commercial use.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.k0sproject.io)
k0smotron
Experience unparalleled isolation, scalability, and resource efficiency
for your Kubernetes control planes with k0smotron - the ultimate
Kubernetes management solution.
Explore docs
[LINK: Explore docs](https://docs.k0smotron.io/stable/)

## Help center ¶

Training and tutorials
Learn how to use Mirantis software at your own pace by registering
for private classes, or try public courses.
View catalog
Knowledge Base
If the answer to your question continues to elude you, try searching our
Knowledge Base.
Access now
YouTube channel
Subscribe to our social media channel and stay up-to-date with our latest
videos.
Follow us

### Privacy Preference Center

### Manage Consent Preferences

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

### Performance Cookies

- 33Across host description View Cookies Name cookie name

### 33Across

- Name cookie name
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. You can manage your preferences or opt-out at any time by clicking "Cookie Settings". For more information see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Notice .

--------------------