# Dreamina
**URL:** https://dreamina.capcut.com
**Page Title:** Dreamina image generator & video generator: All-in-one AI creative suite
--------------------

The content is generated by Dreamina
The content is generated by Dreamina
[ A mysterious garden at night ]

## Turn inspiration to art on Dreamina

## Create your design, whatever your purpose

Start with a prompt or just a blank canvas. However you begin, the end result is your design.

### Character design

Supporting cartoon character design.

### Fashion and beauty

Offering entertaining options such as personal portraits and avatars.

### Game assets

Facilitating the design of game elements.

### Marketing and advertising

Meeting the needs of both marketing and advertising design.

### Content creation

Serving the demands of all kinds of social media creators.

### Product photography

Supplying services for the production and design of product images.

## Realize the AI art of your dreams

### Text to image

Text to image can generate marvelous images from just a simple prompt. It supports creation based on the words of your prompt, has a better semantic understanding to grasp your needs accurately, and will transform abstract trains of thought into visual works of art.

### Image to image

Creatively transform existing images. Customize them by choosing the key image characteristics to replace the background, associate a style, retain a painting style or pose, and more to meet the creative needs of any scenario.

### Text to image

Text to image can generate marvelous images from just a simple prompt. It supports creation based on the words of your prompt, has a better semantic understanding to grasp your needs accurately, and will transform abstract trains of thought into visual works of art.

### Image to image

Creatively transform existing images. Customize them by choosing the key image characteristics to replace the background, associate a style, retain a painting style or pose, and more to meet the creative needs of any scenario.

## Blend multiple layers of AI generated images on canvas

The canvas feature provides several powerful tools, such as inpaint, for that perfect extra element; expand, to continue the image beyond the frame; remove, which erases or replacesdistractions. Seamlessly blend multiple elements on the same canvas, creating unified and harmonious AI art.

## Find your inspiration in a sea of creativity

Explore unlimited inspiration alongside other Dreamina users. Let creativity be inspired by shared excitement and collaborative genius.

## Dreamina, the all-in-one AI creative suite for all your artistic work


--------------------