# Ello
**URL:** https://www.ello.com
**Page Title:** Read with Ello
--------------------


## The World's Most Advanced Reading Coach

Ello is your child’s read-along companion who listens, teaches, and transforms them into an enthusiastic reader. For Kindergarten to 3rd Grade.

## Meet Ello, your child’s reading buddy

### Powered by Adaptive Learn™ technology

## Meet Ello, your child’s reading buddy

### Powered by Adaptive Learn™ technology

## Select From Monthly or Annual Plan

### Monthly Plan

- The Ello reading coach app
- Exclusive, decodable e-books
- Adaptive Learn™ system

### Annual Plan (Save 25%)

- 12-month subscription
- Save 25% on annual
- Build a year of learning

### Monthly Plan

- The Ello reading coach app
- Exclusive, decodable e-books
- Adaptive Learn™ system

### Annual Plan (Save 25%)

- 12-month subscription
- Save 25% on annual plan
- Build a year of learning

## Ello is powered by Adaptive Learn™ , our proprietary AI engine that understands, adapts and responds to your child like a 1:1 instructor.

### world leading child speech recognition

### proprietary AI that adapts to your child’s ability and interests

### science of reading based responses

### Recommended by experts, loved by parents

## Not quite ready for Ello? Explore our library of decodable books

## Books proven to build skills and a love of reading

### Perfectly tailored to your child

### Rooted in the Science of Reading

### An Exclusive Decodable Library

## Every child deserves to maximize their unique potential

## #ReadWithEllo

### The love is real

### With Ello...

### As seen in

## Awards

## Goodbye Reading Fights

## Frequently Asked Questions

Ello with e-books is priced at $14.99 per month, or currently at $139 per year (23% off). If you're looking to start reading today without the AI coaching experience, check out our free public library with 700+ decodable e-books! ”
Ello Access is our special discount program designed to support families who are part of government programs. We believe every child deserves the opportunity to become a confident reader, and Ello Access makes our digital reading experience more affordable. Eligible customers will receive $14 off per month on the Ello Digital subscription, reducing the monthly cost from $14.99 to just $0.99 ‍
HOW TO APPLY:
To apply for Ello Access, please follow these steps:
- Fill out the Ello Access form: Ello Access Form
- Upload proof of eligibility: You'll need to provide proof of your SNAP or EBT program participation (such as a photo of your EBT card).
- Review period: We will review your submission within 1 business day.
- Receive your discount: If approved, we'll email you a unique coupon code to get Ello at 99¢ per month (instead of the regular $14.99 per month)
You qualify if you have an EBT card, or are enrolled in programs such as Supplemental Security Income (SSI), SNAP, Medicaid, Direct Express Debit Card (DE), Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), National School Lunch Program (NSLP), Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP), Women, Infants, and Children program (WIC), Tribal assistance eligibility letter (TTANF), or Puerto Rico's Nutrition Assistance Program (NAP).
Ello with E-books includes:
- Full App access with digital coaching powered by Adaptive Learn Technology
- Ello’s library of decodable books
- Digital prizes for your child’s progress
You can add up to 3 reader profiles.
Right now, Ello offers books on reading levels Kindergarten to 3rd grade. We are adding more books all the time so if your child is beyond this or a pre-reader, check back for more updates! Ello is not suited for pre-readers who are not yet decoding basic words.
Generally, Ello works best for children 4–8 years of age but it depends on their reading ability. If they can read the sentence “I am a cat,” they are ready for our earliest level of books!
Your child will be guided through quests that each contain 4-6 books tailored to their reading level.
Each quest is like a classroom lesson: they give clear instructions, independent reading materials, and practice activities. With each quest, your child unlocks more engaging content to support their reading journey.
Yes! Ello subscribers have the opportunity to refer new customers to the app in exchange for rewards. ‍
Here’s how it works: ‍
- Every customer receives a unique referral link when they sign up for Ello (it can be found in “My Account” on the Ello website or in the app)
- Share that link with friends, family, teachers, or anyone else
- When someone signs up using your unique link, you’ll be notified by email that someone has started a free trial with Ello
- If that person finishes their free trial and becomes an Ello subscriber, they will get their first month free
- Customers who signed up for Ello on our website and make a referral will receive one free month of Ello as a reward The credit for your free month will be applied to your next monthly payment. If you are on an annual plan, your next bill will be reduced by $14.99 For every new customer you refer, you receive an additional free month. There is no limit to how many free months you can earn
- The credit for your free month will be applied to your next monthly payment. If you are on an annual plan, your next bill will be reduced by $14.99
- For every new customer you refer, you receive an additional free month. There is no limit to how many free months you can earn
- Customers who signed up for Ello directly on the app will receive a free Ello plushie as a reward (limit one per person)
Returns can be made within 60 days of purchase for a full refund; return shipping costs are the responsibility of the customer. Please email support@ello.com for our shipping address.
Return packages must include:
Return details: full name; email and shipping address on original order; reason for return
Items in original packaging and in original condition. Tracking must be provided for lost package claims.
At checkout, you’ll see an estimated shipping window. We offer free shipping for our gift boxes, with an option to upgrade to priority shipping if you prefer.
We will email you with your tracking number as soon as your gift box ships from our warehouse.
Our team of literacy experts hand-selected a set of five classic, beloved books that include a range of reading levels in each grade bundle.
Each Gift Box will come with a physical gift card inside. Gift receivers will redeem their gift card via a special website (link to come) for three months off of an Ello with E-books monthly subscription. They will not only receive access to Ello’s coaching for the full library of over 800 decodable books, but also for the five physical books in their box!
Ello helps early readers break down learning barriers by combining artificial intelligence and speech recognition technology to make Ello come to life. Ello is a revolutionary state-of-the-art interactive reading buddy who listens to your child read out loud. Ello provides support when your child needs help reading, gentle corrections when they make errors, and motivation to keep your child engaged. Appropriately leveled books will be automatically loaded into the app for you!
At the simplest level, Ello is just like a game they play on an iPad or other device. It’s designed to be easy for kids to use, and all they need to do is tap a book and start reading. When they get stuck on a word, they just tap it for help from Ello. As they complete quests, Ello will challenge them a little more each time, and they’ll unlock new, engaging content to keep them moving along their journey.
As your child reads, Ello brings the story to life, provides words of encouragement, and helps them if they get stuck so they don't get frustrated.
We use behavioral psychology and a growth mindset paradigm to keep your child encouraged, help their confidence soar, and build a love of reading.
Ello offers a reward system as well. In this system, children collect stars and badges, leading up to a completion prize that is either delivered digitally, included in the next box, or both!
Since children can get easily discouraged, Ello leans on the lenient side. We recommend sitting with your child when they read and helping with some of these corrections yourself.
Ello’s instructional method was developed by reading specialists with backgrounds in dyslexia intervention and uses direct, explicit, and sequential phonics instruction. This is exactly what research shows works for helping children with dyslexia learn how to read. Ello is not a comprehensive curriculum or intervention model for dyslexia, it’s a great supplement and we have numerous children with dyslexia using Ello with great success.
Ello uses proven, phonics-based reading strategies to help your child decode words and develop fluency.
The Ello app works on iPhones and iPads running iOS 14 and newer. For a complete list, click here . Please note that Ello does not currently work on android, samsung tablets, kindle tablets, laptops or desktop computers.
Our digital library has different types of books that are based on the Science of Reading to support your child’s literacy development.
- Decodable books. These are books designed to help phonetic skills, encouraging independent reading, reinforcing phonics rules, and building confidence.
- Turn-taking books. These books turn reading into a partner activity, with Ello reading a piece then your child taking a turn. It creates a fun and interactive experience that boosts listening skills, comprehension, and vocabulary.
- Storytime books. All about fun! Unleash your child’s creativity by crafting their own stories. Ello will read their creations aloud, giving your kid a chance to tackle challenging words and see their progress in action.
Our e-books in the Ello app come from a special team of authors who specialize in reading education. They are created with the science of reading in mind.
It’s easy! We’ll ask you a short series of questions after you sign up, and use the answers to estimate your child’s reading level. As they make their way through the program, Ello will automatically adjust to match their level.
If you ever feel the books are too easy or too hard, you can update your child's reading level here .
If a child is reading on the appropriate level, they should make 1-10 mistakes per book. Any more than this and we find they get frustrated and overwhelmed. Less mistakes and we find they get bored and aren’t engaged.
By answering a few short questions, we can help determine your child’s appropriate developmental reading level. We are also happy to set the reading level to whatever they are reading at school, as determined by their teacher.
No problem! We want each child to have the best experience possible. This means making sure they are reading at the right level for their abilities. You can change your child's reading level here . If you have any trouble, feel free to text Customer Support for assistance.
Yes! The books will stay available in the app so you can enjoy them over and over again.
Click here to learn more about “What Color is the Sky?”, a new children's book by MLB Nationals player Josh Bell , now free in the Ello reading app.
If you choose to allow it, we process the audio of your child reading so that Ello can provide real-time support and motivation, and so your child can access certain features of the app, such as listening to themselves read. Separately, you can opt-in to give us access to this data so that we can improve Ello. ‍
We also collect data of your child's progress to provide the service (for example the rewards). ‍
Finally, we collect anonymous and aggregated usage data. See our privacy policy for full details.
It is up to you on what data we collect - it is optional. You will be asked if you would like to opt-in to data collection after downloading the app. ‍
All data is anonymous and aggregated and used to improve the product.
No. Never.
No. Never.
It's very secure. We use industry-leading encryption and security.

## Designed by experts to maximize your child’s reading potential

Elizabeth is a clinical psychologist who specializes in child development, child behavior, and working with children and families in community settings, schools, clinics, and hospitals. She has worked with children and families for over 15 years. She provides training and education to students and professionals, has presented at national and international conferences, has published articles and book chapters on child development, and has been interviewed by magazines and radio programs on a variety of parent topics. She lives in Northern Virginia with her husband, two children, and labrador.
Favorite Children’s Book: Where the Wild Things Are
Lauren has been teaching and tutoring in the reading field since 2004, and has worked with students from preschool through college. She has a B.A. in English from California Polytechnic University, San Luis Obispo, and her M.S. in Education with an emphasis in Reading Instruction from California State University, Fullerton. Lauren has training in the Orton-Gillingham method of instruction and is actively involved in the Science of Reading movement so that all children, including those of diverse backgrounds and neurologies, can become strong, motivated readers.
She lives in Southern California surrounded by a large extended family, including 8 nieces and nephews under age 4. They are all budding bookworms, at least according to their doting aunt.
Favorite Children’s Book: Charlotte’s Web
Nick Haber is an Assistant Professor at the Stanford Graduate School of Education, and by courtesy, Computer Science. After receiving his PhD in mathematics on Partial Differential Equation theory, he worked on Sension (with Tom and Catalin), an EdTech company. He then worked with Catalin on the Autism Glass Project at Stanford, a research effort that employs wearable technology and computer vision in a tool for children with autism. Aside from such work on learning and therapeutic tools, he and his research group develop artificial intelligence systems meant to mimic and model the ways people learn early in life, exploring their environments through play, social interaction, and curiosity.
Favorite Children’s Book: Roxaboxen by Alice McLerran
Michael Auli is an industry scientist based in Menlo Park, California. His work spans machine learning, speech, and NLP, and he helped create projects such as wav2vec/data2vec, the widely used fairseq toolkit, the first modern feed-forward seq2seq models outperforming RNNs for NLP, and several top-ranked submissions at the WMT news translation task in 2018 and 2019. Before that, Michael was at Microsoft Research, where he did early work on neural machine translation and using neural language models for conversational applications. During his PhD at the University of Edinburgh, he worked on natural language processing and parsing.
Favorite Children’s Book: The Adventures of Tom Sawyer

--------------------