# Finch
**URL:** https://tryfinch.com
**Page Title:** Integrate with HRIS & Payroll Systems | Finch API
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CrazyEgg 1 Learn more about this provider _ce.cch Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 5 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 2 Learn more about this provider __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jetboost.io 2 jetboost-site-config Technical cookie. Used to implement third-party widgets onto the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage jetboost-site-config-origin Holds which URL should be presented to the visitor when visiting the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com www.tryfinch.com 5 _cfuvid [x5] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com hubspot.com linkedin.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- CrazyEgg 1 Learn more about this provider _ce.cch Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 5 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 2 Learn more about this provider __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jetboost.io 2 jetboost-site-config Technical cookie. Used to implement third-party widgets onto the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage jetboost-site-config-origin Holds which URL should be presented to the visitor when visiting the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com www.tryfinch.com 5 _cfuvid [x5] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com hubspot.com linkedin.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie www.tryfinch.com 1 adroll#adroll Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.tryfinch.com 1 adroll#adroll Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Embed.ly 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 3 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 3 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Adroll Group 2 Learn more about this provider adroll_flgs Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __adroll_consent_params Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 1 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adroll Group 2 Learn more about this provider adroll_flgs Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __adroll_consent_params Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 1 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Adroll Group 1 Learn more about this provider adroll_dqs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Chilipiper 3 Learn more about this provider chili/ADDITIONAL_HEADERS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage chili/GUEST_SESSION_V2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage chili/TENANT_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Embed.ly 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB LinkedIn 7 Learn more about this provider PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB client.protechts.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tag.unifyintent.com 6 IndrX2hCM29DTFlrX0g1aEJ5eUZ6Y1N5QW4yMjVnR1pKdHJyckhGS0tpU2o4X3VuaWZ5X3Nlc3Npb24i Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage unify_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IndrX2hCM29DTFlrX0g1aEJ5eUZ6Y1N5QW4yMjVnR1pKdHJyckhGS0tpU2o4X3VuaWZ5X3Nlc3Npb25faWQi Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie IndrX2hCM29DTFlrX0g1aEJ5eUZ6Y1N5QW4yMjVnR1pKdHJyckhGS0tpU2o4X3VuaWZ5X3Zpc2l0b3JfaWQi Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie unify_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie unify_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.tryfinch.com 1 hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Adroll Group 1 Learn more about this provider adroll_dqs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Chilipiper 3 Learn more about this provider chili/ADDITIONAL_HEADERS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage chili/GUEST_SESSION_V2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage chili/TENANT_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Embed.ly 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- LinkedIn 7 Learn more about this provider PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- client.protechts.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- tag.unifyintent.com 6 IndrX2hCM29DTFlrX0g1aEJ5eUZ6Y1N5QW4yMjVnR1pKdHJyckhGS0tpU2o4X3VuaWZ5X3Nlc3Npb24i Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage unify_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IndrX2hCM29DTFlrX0g1aEJ5eUZ6Y1N5QW4yMjVnR1pKdHJyckhGS0tpU2o4X3VuaWZ5X3Nlc3Npb25faWQi Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie IndrX2hCM29DTFlrX0g1aEJ5eUZ6Y1N5QW4yMjVnR1pKdHJyckhGS0tpU2o4X3VuaWZ5X3Zpc2l0b3JfaWQi Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie unify_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie unify_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.tryfinch.com 1 hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Products
- Solutions
- Integrations
- Learn
- Pricing
- Sign In

## Grow faster with HR and payroll connectivity

Unlock revenue and streamline operations with the HR and payroll integrations you need to scale.

## Serving startups, Fortune 500s, and everyone in between

## Support more integrations, faster

Win more customers with the integrations they need––we handle build and maintenance work for you.

## One, unified data format

Finch transforms the data from each provider into one, standard data format that’s easy to use.

## Onboard employers in minutes

Replace manual CSV uploads and SFTP file setup with a fast, flexible authentication flow.

## Data on the whole organization

Never miss a new hire, termination, or address change with real-time visibility into HR and employee data.
- Company and bank info
- Active employee directory
- Employment and demographic data

## No more payroll file uploads

Sync data directly from payroll systems for the most accurate view into individual and company financial data.
- Payroll reports
- Employee paystubs
- Pay groups

## Modify contributions & deductions

Create and manage employer contributions and employee deductions in the payroll system.
- Configure 401(k), S125, and other benefits
- Auto-enroll participants
- Make changes each pay run

## Extract data from tax documents

Speed up onboarding and operations with access to W-4 forms and other tax documents.
- Tax filing status
- Dependent claims and credits
- Withholding details

## Leaders in employment data security

We follow enterprise-grade compliance standards and best-in-class encryption protocols to keep PII safe.

## Why Finch?

### A win-win for sales, engineering, and operations

## Solutions

### Don't let integrations be your bottleneck

Help employers build stronger workforces with HR and payroll data connectivity.
Simplify onboarding, administration, and deductions for employer-sponsored benefits.
Help finance teams with analysis and forecasting with visibility into each pay run.
Streamline recordkeeping, 3(16) compliance testing, and year-end audits for sponsors.
Power quoting and pay-as-you-go models with insights into HR and payroll data for employers.
Power HR automation with a live view into employee directories and access to company info.
Help employers apply for tax credits with access to employee directory and payroll data.
There are too many use cases to list them all. If you don’t see yours here, we can help!

## Testimonials

### You'll be in good company

“Finch is the best API for writing payroll data, hands down. We implemented Finch even faster than the time they forecasted for us, which was a pleasant surprise.”
“Finch makes it easy to know what data we are getting and how to get it. Their data normalization has been a huge game changer for us and has cut down our development time significantly.”
“I was blown away by how many connectors they offered. We were going to go with a different unified API for Payroll data but [Finch] offered so many more integrations.”
“By integrating with Finch, we're able to offer integrations with all the major HRIS integrations. This is a huge advantage over our competition who have tried to integrate directly with each HRIS.”

## Support

## Expert support at every step

- Fast, reliable support Quickly resolve issues over email or slack––we consistently score >96% in customer satisfaction.
Quickly resolve issues over email or slack––we consistently score >96% in customer satisfaction.
- Guidance as you scale Whether you’re just getting live or scaling your operations––we’ll help you grow faster.
Whether you’re just getting live or scaling your operations––we’ll help you grow faster.

## Ready to get started?

Whether you're a developer exploring our sandbox or looking for a no-code solution, we're here to help. Get started today.

--------------------