# flake8
**URL:** https://flake8.pycqa.org
**Page Title:** Flake8: Your Tool For Style Guide Enforcement — flake8 7.3.0 documentation
--------------------

- Flake8: Your Tool For Style Guide Enforcement
- View page source

## Flake8: Your Tool For Style Guide Enforcement 

## Quickstart 

### Installation 

To install Flake8 , open an interactive shell and run:
If you want Flake8 to be installed for your default Python installation, you
can instead use:
Note
It is very important to install Flake8 on the correct version of
Python for your needs. If you want Flake8 to properly parse new language
features in Python 3.5 (for example), you need it to be installed on 3.5
for Flake8 to understand those features. In many ways, Flake8 is tied to
the version of Python on which it runs.

### Using Flake8 

To start using Flake8 , open an interactive shell and run:
Note
If you have installed Flake8 on a particular version of Python (or on
several versions), it may be best to instead run python<version> -m flake8 .
If you only want to see the instances of a specific warning or error, you can select that error like so:
Alternatively, if you want to add a specific warning or error to ignore :
Please read our user guide for more information about how to use and configure Flake8 .

## FAQ and Glossary 

- Frequently Asked Questions When is Flake8 released? How can I help Flake8 release faster? What is the next version of Flake8? Why does Flake8 use ranges for its dependencies? Should I file an issue when a new version of a dependency is available?
- When is Flake8 released?
- How can I help Flake8 release faster?
- What is the next version of Flake8?
- Why does Flake8 use ranges for its dependencies?
- Should I file an issue when a new version of a dependency is available?
- Glossary of Terms Used in Flake8 Documentation

## User Guide 

All users of Flake8 should read this portion of the documentation. This
provides examples and documentation around Flake8 ’s assortment of options
and how to specify them on the command-line or in configuration files.
- Using Flake8 Invoking Flake8 Configuring Flake8 Full Listing of Options and Their Descriptions Error / Violation Codes Selecting and Ignoring Violations Using Plugins For Fun and Profit Using Version Control Hooks Public Python API
- Invoking Flake8
- Configuring Flake8
- Full Listing of Options and Their Descriptions
- Error / Violation Codes
- Selecting and Ignoring Violations
- Using Plugins For Fun and Profit
- Using Version Control Hooks
- Public Python API
[LINK: Public Python API](user/python-api.html)

## Plugin Developer Guide 

If you’re maintaining a plugin for Flake8 or creating a new one, you should
read this section of the documentation. It explains how you can write your
plugins and distribute them to others.
- Writing Plugins for Flake8 Getting Started Video Tutorial Detailed Plugin Development Documentation
- Getting Started
- Video Tutorial
- Detailed Plugin Development Documentation

## Contributor Guide 

If you are reading Flake8 ’s source code for fun or looking to contribute,
you should read this portion of the documentation. This is a mix of documenting
the internal-only interfaces Flake8 and documenting reasoning for Flake8’s
design.
- Exploring Flake8’s Internals Contributing to Flake8 Writing Documentation for Flake8 Writing Code for Flake8 Releasing Flake8 What Happens When You Run Flake8 How Checks are Run Command Line Interface Built-in Formatters Option and Configuration Handling Plugin Handling Utility Functions
- Contributing to Flake8
- Writing Documentation for Flake8
- Writing Code for Flake8
- Releasing Flake8
- What Happens When You Run Flake8
- How Checks are Run
- Command Line Interface
- Built-in Formatters
- Option and Configuration Handling
- Plugin Handling
- Utility Functions

## Release Notes and History 

- Release Notes and History 7.x Release Series 6.x Release Series 5.x Release Series 4.x Release Series 3.x Release Series 2.x Release Series 1.x Release Series 0.x Release Series
- 7.x Release Series
- 6.x Release Series
- 5.x Release Series
- 4.x Release Series
- 3.x Release Series
- 2.x Release Series
- 1.x Release Series
- 0.x Release Series

## General Indices 

- Index
Index
- Index of Documented Public Modules
Index of Documented Public Modules
- Glossary of terms
Glossary of terms

--------------------