# Flim
**URL:** https://flim.ai
**Page Title:** Flim | The search engine for creative people
--------------------

We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorised as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
For more information on how Google's third-party cookies operate and handle your data, see: Google Privacy Policy
Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.
No cookies to display.
Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features.
- Cookie csrf_token
- Duration 1 month
- Description No description available.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
- Cookie CLID
- Duration 1 year
- Description Microsoft Clarity set this cookie to store information about how visitors interact with the website. The cookie helps to provide an analysis report. The data collection includes the number of visitors, where they visit the website, and the pages visited.
- Cookie SM
- Duration session
- Description Microsoft Clarity cookie set this cookie for synchronizing the MUID across Microsoft domains.
- Cookie _clck
- Duration 1 year
- Description Microsoft Clarity sets this cookie to retain the browser's Clarity User ID and settings exclusive to that website. This guarantees that actions taken during subsequent visits to the same website will be linked to the same user ID.
- Cookie MR
- Duration 7 days
- Description This cookie, set by Bing, is used to collect user information for analytics purposes.
- Cookie _clsk
- Duration 1 day
- Description Microsoft Clarity sets this cookie to store and consolidate a user's pageviews into a single session recording.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
- Cookie SRM_B
- Duration 1 year 24 days
- Description Used by Microsoft Advertising as a unique ID for visitors.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customised advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyse the effectiveness of the ad campaigns.
- Cookie _gcl_au
- Duration 3 months
- Description Google Tag Manager sets this cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
- Cookie MUID
- Duration 1 year 24 days
- Description Bing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. This cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.
- Cookie ANONCHK
- Duration 10 minutes
- Description The ANONCHK cookie, set by Bing, is used to store a user's session ID and verify ads' clicks on the Bing search engine. The cookie helps in reporting and personalization as well.
Other uncategorised cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
No cookies to display.

## Flim

## Trusted by the brands shaping culture

Dive into the most complete visual library out there, curated to help you discover the references that shape your creative direction.

## Find your influences

## Search Beautifully. Create Purposefully.

For those who sketch with references, speak in moodboards, and shape ideas frame by frame.

## Tools to Unlock Creativity.

Trained for style, tuned for creators.

## Generate & Edit

An AI built for creators, helping you to transform ideas into artistic visions.

## Shape Ideas Together

Accelerate your projects and collaborate, all from one place.

## Save Collaborate & Share

Collect the images you love in boards and share them with your team, clients, or the world.

--------------------