# FOSDEM 2025
**URL:** https://fosdem.org/2025
**Page Title:** FOSDEM 2025 - Home
--------------------


## fosdem-2025

- Home
- About
- News
- Schedule
- Stands
- Volunteer
- Practical
- beer
- 70 devrooms
- open source
- 8000+ hackers
- lightning talks
- 1056 lectures

## FOSDEM 2025 is over

...but not quite!  The treasure hunt still lies unsolved so why not give it a try now online ?

## Feedback

Please let us know about your FOSDEM experience at feedback@fosdem.org .
      All your feedback, good or bad, and suggestions for future years will be greatly appreciated.
      Please use the links under each event to provide feedback to the speakers.

## Videos

We are adding a video of each talk to its web page when it is ready.  
      See the processing status of individual talks. or
      download from video.fosdem.org/2025 (arranged by room name).

## FOSDEM

FOSDEM is a free event for software developers to meet, share ideas and collaborate. Every year, thousands of developers of free and open source software from all over the world gather at the event in Brussels.  You don't need to register.  Just turn up and join in!

## News

- 2025-02-01 FOSDEM Treasure Hunt Update – Signs Stolen, But the Hunt Continues! Treasure hunters, we have an update!
    Unfortunately, some of our signs have been removed or stolen, but don’t worry—the hunt is still on! read more

### FOSDEM Treasure Hunt Update – Signs Stolen, But the Hunt Continues!

Treasure hunters, we have an update!
    Unfortunately, some of our signs have been removed or stolen, but don’t worry—the hunt is still on!
read more
- 2025-01-30 Join the FOSDEM Treasure Hunt! Are you ready for a challenge? We’re hosting a treasure hunt at FOSDEM, where participants must solve six
sequential riddles to uncover the final answer. Teamwork is allowed and encouraged, so gather your friends and
put your problem-solving skills to the test! read more

### Join the FOSDEM Treasure Hunt!

Are you ready for a challenge? We’re hosting a treasure hunt at FOSDEM, where participants must solve six
sequential riddles to uncover the final answer. Teamwork is allowed and encouraged, so gather your friends and
put your problem-solving skills to the test!
read more
- 2025-01-27 Introducing Lightning Lightning Talks The regular FOSDEM lightning talk track isn't chaotic enough, so this year
we're introducing Lightning Lightning Talks (now with added lightning!). read more

### Introducing Lightning Lightning Talks

The regular FOSDEM lightning talk track isn't chaotic enough, so this year
we're introducing Lightning Lightning Talks (now with added lightning!).
read more

## SPONSORS

- Google
- Red Hat
- Arm
- Block
- Bloomberg
- Cloud Native Computing Foundation & The Linux Foundation
- Codethink
- Colt
- Dstny
- Eclipse Foundation
- Element
- Mozilla
- Université Libre de Bruxelles

## Location

FOSDEM takes place at the ULB Solbosch Campus, Brussels, Belgium , Europe, Earth.  If you aren't there, you may watch the live streams from the main tracks and developer rooms.
- ULB
- Campus du Solbosch
- Av. F. D. Roosevelt 50
- 1050 Bruxelles
- Belgium

--------------------