# Foyr
**URL:** https://foyr.com
**Page Title:** Best Free 3D Home Design Software & Apps, Online House Planning Drawing Tools
--------------------


## Create Home Designs Effortlessly

Foyr offers all relevant CAD, 3D, and rendering features - minus the complexity. Effortlessly plan, design, and render with a catalog of 60K+ products and 500+ inspirations.

## Complete Your Interior Design Project Effortlessly With Foyr

In minutes, create floor plans, design spaces, and get photorealistic 3D renders or 360 walkthroughs for any type of project - single room or complete home, residential or commercial.

## Unlock Your Interior Design Potential With Foyr

### Easy Design with User-Friendly Interface

### AI-Powered Interior Design Tools for Enhanced Productivity

### Moodboard, 4K renders, and 3D walkthroughs

### WOW clients with stunning visuals, win more projects

### Design and collaborate from anywhere, anytime.

### Experience Real-Time AR Design Visualization

## Unlock your interior design potential with Foyr

### Easy Design with User-Friendly Interface

Navigate and design with ease, making your creative process smooth and enjoyable.

### AI-Powered Interior Design Tools for Enhanced Productivity

Harness the power of AI to streamline tasks and elevate your designs.

### Moodboard, 4K renders, and 3D walkthroughs

Go from initial concept to immersive walkthroughs, all in one tool.

### WOW clients with stunning visuals, win more projects

Elevate your presentations, captivate your clients, and secure more projects with photorealistic renders.

### Design and collaborate from anywhere, anytime.

Foyr brings the power of the cloud to you. Access your design from anywhere. Collaborate seamlessly with your team and clients.

### Experience Real-Time AR Design Visualization

Step into your designs, make real-time adjustments and visualize spaces like never before.

## Elevate Your Interior Design Process With Innovative Features

Foyr’s features ensure you spend more time with clients and less time on software. The result? Convincing designs that win clients!

### Create Floor Plans

Create 2D/3D floor plans in minutes in multiple measurement units.

### 3D Models

Build your own or choose from 60,000 + 3D models.

### Design & Edit in 3D

Edit designs in 3D for pinpoint precision.

### 4K Renders In Minutes

Turn your designs into 4K renders & walkthrough in no time.

### Mood Board

Plan & collaborate on designs for faster approvals.

### Shopping List

Keep track of your design’s budget.

### 1500 + interior design templates

Derive inspiration from 1500 + high-quality design templates.

### Branded Catalog

Drag & drop elements in your designs from branded catalogs.

## Trusted by 150,000+ Interior Designers Worldwide

Interior designers & teams of all skill and experience levels regularly use Foyr to ace their design projects. Now it's time for you!

## What they say about Foyr Neo

More than 3000 users have been helped by Foyr Neo
Camila Gusmao
Sandy Blue
Kathy Noumi
Eric Dillman
Kristy Begin Patterson
Tierney Larkin
Rachel Collins
Lesley Myrick

## Get Custom Designs & Renderings Done for You at just $99!

Single room, entire home, or large commercial space—our experts handle it all, just for you.

## Foyr Ideate, AI Designer That Delivers Real Results

Turn an empty space into a dream abode, customize elements, view & edit in 3D and create a shoppable product list. All it takes is a few words with Foyr Ideate, your AI interior designer.

## Get Started for Free

Access all design, 3D, and rendering features free for 14 days. Try it yourself or contact support to schedule a demo.

## Related blog posts

Learn how to design your dream house with our step-by-step guide. Discover essential tips for design...
These smart home devices add an elegant, modern, and sophisticated look and feel to any home and are...
One sure-shot way to get your clients to say a resounding ‘YES’ is to deliver stunning virtual h...

--------------------