# FTX
**URL:** https://ftx.com
**Page Title:** FTX Cryptocurrency Exchange
--------------------


## Welcome to the FTX Customer Claims Portal

FTX Customer Claims Portal enables you to access your FTX account information, obtain historical information and if necessary, submit an electronic proof of claim in the FTX Chapter 11 proceedings.
Initiate the process
Use your FTX credentials and the same MFA as you did before. If you lost access to your MFA or need to change the email please check Account Login Issues .
Click the link in the confirmation email that was sent to you to complete account verification. The email confirmation link will expire 5 minutes from sending.
Then complete the steps below
Account balance as of November 11, 2022 at approximately 10:00am Prevailing Eastern Time (“Petition Time”) unless otherwise indicated
The FTX Claims Bar Date has elapsed. Customers and creditors can view the status of their claim(s) on this step. Creditors can file or amend their claim directly with Kroll.
The deadline for voting has elapsed as of August 16th.
Use this action to complete your pre-distribution tax requirements.
Prior completion of KYC and Tax requirements is needed.
Review a summary of the status of your distribution.
This Consent to Process Personal Data (the “Consent”) applies to FTX Trading Ltd. and the FTX Recovery Trust (and any of their respective successors), together with any of its non-debtor affiliates that determine, whether alone or jointly with another, the purposes and means of the processing of personal data under applicable laws (collectively, “FTX”).
By proceeding, I authorize FTX to collect, use and disclose my personal data, including Sensitive Personal Data (as defined in FTX’s AML/KYC Customer Claims Portal Privacy Notice above) for the purposes of Know-Your-Customer (‘KYC”) and Anti-Money Laundering (“AML”) customer identification and fraud prevention.
I hereby acknowledge and agree that FTX and its service providers shall process my Biometric Data (as defined in FTX’s AML/KYC Customer Claims Portal Privacy Notice above) by means of automated reading, verification of the authenticity and other automated processing as stated in FTX’s AML/KYC Customer Claims Portal Privacy Notice above, which includes the processing of facial scan while passing liveness, video-selfie or video identification process, biometric authorization, face comparison from the photo of an identity document and the facial image, searching of multiple identity creation, work and development of fraud control network to detect and prevent fraud and criminal activity.
 I understand FTX may disclose my personal data, including Sensitive Personal Data to its third-party vendors in connection with its KYC and AML activities and understand and acknowledge that FTX retains my personal data, including Sensitive Personal Data in accordance with its AML/KYC Customer Claims Portal Privacy Notice and where FTX is required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax or accounting requirements, as well as to resolve disputes.
I understand and acknowledge that I may revoke my consent for FTX to use my personal data, including Sensitive Personal Data at any time by notifying FTX at dataprivacy@ftx.com; however, FTX will no longer be able to conduct certain KYC and AML activities using my personal data, including Sensitive Personal Data after such revocation is processed. FTX may also not be able to assess my claim for any account funds or holdings to which I may be entitled a refund.
 I agree to release, indemnify, defend, and hold harmless FTX and its affiliates, shareholders, members, directors, officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents, suppliers, licensors, predecessors, successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, demands, complaints, actions, liabilities, damages, losses, costs, judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, expenses, or fees (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) that arise out of or in connection with the use or disclosure of my information.

--------------------