# Genie
**URL:** https://getgenie.ai
**Page Title:** GetGenie: Write, Optimize & Track Content with AI
--------------------


### Rated 4.9

## 60,000+ Active Installs

### Rated 4.8

## Find Top Keywords, Craft Content and Track SEO in WordPress

## Get instant AI content with customizable templates, optimize with NLP keywords to satisfy search intent, and analyze SEO insights for higher ranks & traffic - All in One Tool!

## Intuitive AI Solution to Write, Optimize & Track SEO Data

### With GetGenie’s keyword research, competitor analysis & content optimization, produce SEO-friendly AI content & drive quicker results, all inside the WP dashboard with minimal effort.

- Keyword Research
No more wasting time on random keyword research! GetGenie saves you valuable time by showing only the relevant keyword data.
- Improve content performance with NLP, semantic, and related keywords
- Make smarter decisions with instant access to keyword SV, Comp & CPC
- Structure & write content faster by building impactful topical maps
- Competitor Analysis
Start analyzing SERP results for your target keyword at one go. Also, discover top-performing competitors’ content strategy.
- Spot competitors’ content & structures at a glance to plan a better content strategy
- Speed up the competitor analysis workflow with easy-to-navigate in-panel sections
- Get valuable insights on word count, headings, & images to upgrade content
- Head-to-Head Analysis & SERP Visualization
Compare crucial content & keyword data with competitors and understand where you stand. Take a data-driven step right away to improve their positions.
- Improve your content’s keyword position based on the ideal Google rank suggestion
- Track KW position improvements over time with a side-by-side comparison
- View on-page stats like internal link count, word count, etc., to optimize smarter
- Content Writing
Enjoy writing step-less content to accelerate the content writing process. Also, write step-by-step content to enrich the content with helpful info.
- Write & optimize content efficiently with One-click Blog Generator
- Add tailored content sections with Customized Content to boost quality
- Generate high-converting content & copies with 37+ impactful templates
- Content Optimization
Fill any content optimization gap with GetGenie’s predictive analytics-based AI suggestions. Make content SERP-ready with its effective content optimization elements.
- Utilize NLP keyword suggestions on content to capture user search intent
- Establish topical authority with relevant & high-intent secondary keywords
- Boost rankings with on-page optimization suggestions for headings, images, etc.
- SEO Performance
Get insights into how your existing content is performing in SERPs at different periods. Make the most of the SERP data to improve your site’s rankings.
- Capture new and lost keywords to figure out what keywords to work on
- Identify low-performing pages to improve SEO & content-related areas
- Track visitors both device & location-wise with key data for improved targeting

## How GetGenie Stands Out in the Crowd?

### GetGenie is the only AI SEO writing tool for WordPress that merges content creation, keyword intelligence, and competitor analysis, all inside your editor.

- Image Generation (Value Booster)
Enhance your content, blog posts, paid ads, & social media posts, with catchy visuals in one click. Let GetGenie (Genie Image) speed up your marketing efforts with AI power.
- Generate captivating images for higher engagement & conversion rate
- Create tailored images for different audiences, platforms & use cases
- Add impactful images for blog posts within the WordPress Editor

## A Wide Range of Professionals Love to Use GetGenie

### Content Marketers

### Content Strategists

### Content Writers

### Bloggers

### SEO Specialists

### Digital Marketers

Digital marketers deliver SEO content faster, win more clients & scale their services with AI-driven research, writing, and optimization

## Wish Granted: Create SEO Content Like Magic

## First-hand Experiences With GetGenie

### I am excited about GetGenie.io

It’s a one-stop-shop for SEO content optimization and offers a lot of data to support the writing process. The great WP plugin offers keyword research, related search queries, NLP suggestions, competitor content data, and a keyword comparison table. Plus, the AI templates make it incredibly easy to create helpful content...

### Surprisingly solid content

The quality of the content generated by this app is the best I’ve seen so far from any of the AI writing tools. The integration with WordPress is a great time-saver as well.

### Great & satisfied product

Great and amazing product I have never used! Getgenie is one of the best AI tools ever. I have used it for about a month now, It is great for me doing content least time. It have AI content Generator, Rewrite, Keyword look up, Competitor lookup and The best one is SEO analysis using NLP analysis other tools you may pay more money for NLP analysis. Check out site using Getgenie animalocy that doing content idea and research using it. ====>>> Recommend tools!

### Brilliant support

Had a few minor niggles with the GetGenie plugin with regards to generating certain blogs….they have looked into the matter and releasing a fix for it. Pro-active and helpful!

### Simple to navigate and oh so helpful

When running a business, you can simply forget so on the small features that can make or break your practice. GetGenie takes away the stress of one more thing to do! We are in a competitive area and I need my SEO to work for me and GetGenie is awesome !...

### Really liking GetGenie

I own several AI writing and content optimization tools, but I wanted to have a tool that does both. GetGenie does that! The bonus is you can do it right from WordPress! It does still need some improvement, but I can only see the tool getting better within time...

### Awesome Plugin

Awesome tool that works well. It has helped me with a few ideas already, especially when I’m not sure what to write.

### Best of the Best

I came over here and created a WordPress account just to leave a review message to people who created GetGenie. Thank you!!!!
GetGenie Devs. We see working hard, we love your updates; seems like every other week you outdo yourselves.
Thank you again!

### GetGenie increased my productivity x10

I’ve been using GetGenie for a little over a month. After watching the tutorials / once I got the hang of it, generating blog posts with it is a BREEZE, and the content is high quality. It’s great how you don’t have to go out to a different tool to check competing sites’ content, or to find NLP keywords – it’s all right there in the tool. And not just in the tool, but conveniently “in” your WordPress post that you are creating. It’s so cool to generate content, and then to have that content scored right away by GetGenie!...

### Loving it! (HUGE time saver)

I’ve been using it for a few days now and this plug in is fantastic.

I looked at a few of the other AI Writers and settled on this one as it integrates directly with WordPress & does the SEO & general research right within your writing prompt. (It looks at Quora and other sites to see what similar people are asking to make sure you’re addressing questions you wouldn’t have known people are asking...)

### A great experience with GetGenie for blog writing.

Very comfortable to do SEO at the same time.

### Free Version

I signed up for the free version because I have no money just now. The limited use I got showed an amazing product. I hope I can earn enough to get the pro version.

### Impressed so far

Easy to install and use, combined SEO and post creation into one, writes great WooCommerce product descriptions...

### Best SEO assistant this year

It is impressive and these what I like about it.
User-friendly interface: GetGenie’s interface is designed to be easy to use, even for businesses that may not have a lot of experience with SEO. Its step-by-step process and clear recommendations make it accessible to a wide range of users.

### Huge potential

In my opinion, GetGenie AI has the ability to completely revolutionize the WordPress community. I'm hoping for them to release Boss Mode and give GetGenie a unique selling point since I believe it's a big deal. I'm looking forward to seeing what more they come up with, and I hope they can improve the rate at which they update their features to keep ahead of the competition.

### Fantástica herramienta

La he utilizado poco debibo al superar el límite de 1500 palabras, pero me sorprendió con la creación de textos para mi sitio web

## Featured On

## Get the Most of AI SEO Writing Tool Now!

- 20x Faster Writing
- All-feature Access on the Free Plan
- Less Cost, More Gain

--------------------