# GIMP
**URL:** https://www.gimp.org
**Page Title:** GIMP - GNU Image Manipulation Program
--------------------

[LINK: Docs](/docs/)

## The Free & Open Source Image Editor

This is the official website of the GNU Image Manipulation Program
			(GIMP).
GIMP is a cross-platform image editor available for GNU/Linux,
			macOS, Windows and more operating systems. It is free
			software , you can change its source code and distribute your changes.
Whether you are a graphic designer, photographer, illustrator, or
			scientist, GIMP provides you with sophisticated tools to get your job
			done. You can further enhance your productivity with GIMP thanks to
			many customization options and 3rd party plugins.

## Recent News

## High Quality Photo Manipulation

GIMP provides the tools needed for high quality image manipulation.
                        From retouching to restoring to creative composites, the only limit is your imagination.

## Original Artwork Creation

GIMP gives artists the power and flexibility to transform images into truly unique creations.

## Graphic Design Elements

GIMP is used for producing icons,
                        graphical design elements, and art for user interface components and mockups.

## Programming Algorithms

GIMP is a high quality framework for scripted image manipulation,
                        with multi-language support such as C, C++, Perl, Python, Scheme, and more!

### Key Component in a Desktop Publishing Workflow

GIMP provides top-notch color management features to
			ensure high-fidelity color reproduction across digital
			and printed media. It is best used in workflows
			involving other free software such as Scribus and Inkscape .

### Extensibility & Flexibility

GIMP provides extensibility through integration
                        with many programming languages including Scheme, Python, Perl,
                        and more.
The result is a high level of customization as demonstrated
                        by the large number of scripts and plug-ins created by the community.
Header image: After the Cotton by Pat David ( cba )
High Quality Photo Manipulation background image by Pat David ( cba )
Original Artwork Creation background image by David Revoy ( cb )
Graphic Design Elements background image by Ollin Bohan ( cba )

--------------------