# Giosg
**URL:** https://www.giosg.com
**Page Title:** giosg | Flexible Technology for Digital Experiences
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. 7025.clients.giosgusercontent.com 3 csrftoken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie giosgGAChatted_13663 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosgHasAutosuggested_13663 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage 7025.clients.giosgusercontent.com service.giosg.com 6 giosgIsAutosuggested_# [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosgVisitorPriority_# [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage giosgWindowOpen_# [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Dreamdata 5 Learn more about this provider #.#-#-#-#-#.ack Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.queue Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Giosg 2 Learn more about this provider sgid Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com streamyard.com vimeo.com www.giosg.com www.vipunet.com 7 _cfuvid [x7] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hubapi.com twitter.com vimeo.com www.giosg.com www.vipunet.com 6 __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie mountain.com 1 guid Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie px.mountain.com 1 tt Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie service.giosg.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie streamyard.com 1 csrfToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie
- 7025.clients.giosgusercontent.com 3 csrftoken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie giosgGAChatted_13663 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosgHasAutosuggested_13663 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- 7025.clients.giosgusercontent.com service.giosg.com 6 giosgIsAutosuggested_# [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosgVisitorPriority_# [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage giosgWindowOpen_# [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Dreamdata 5 Learn more about this provider #.#-#-#-#-#.ack Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.inProgress Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.queue Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimEnd Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #.#-#-#-#-#.reclaimStart Used to contain user’s survey and quiz answers in Local Storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Giosg 2 Learn more about this provider sgid Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com streamyard.com vimeo.com www.giosg.com www.vipunet.com 7 _cfuvid [x7] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- hubapi.com twitter.com vimeo.com www.giosg.com www.vipunet.com 6 __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- mountain.com 1 guid Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- px.mountain.com 1 tt Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- service.giosg.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- streamyard.com 1 csrfToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Giosg 4 Learn more about this provider Giosg Bar v3#cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB i18nextLng Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage giosg_chat_id_# Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie giosg_sgid_# Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage streamyard.com 1 currency Saves the visitor's currency preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Giosg 4 Learn more about this provider Giosg Bar v3#cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB i18nextLng Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage giosg_chat_id_# Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie giosg_sgid_# Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- streamyard.com 1 currency Saves the visitor's currency preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie TWIPLA 1 Learn more about this provider visa_1_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.dreamdata.cloud streamyard.com 4 ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- TWIPLA 1 Learn more about this provider visa_1_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.dreamdata.cloud streamyard.com 4 ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 2 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Dreamdata 6 Learn more about this provider ajs_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_group_properties Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_user_traits Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs%3Acookies Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs%3Atest Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au [x2] Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.dreamdata.cloud streamyard.com 6 ajs_user_id [x2] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x2] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 2 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Dreamdata 6 Learn more about this provider ajs_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_group_properties Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_user_traits Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs%3Acookies Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs%3Atest Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au [x2] Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.dreamdata.cloud streamyard.com 6 ajs_user_id [x2] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x2] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Giosg 7 Learn more about this provider GIOSG_INTERACTION_DATA_#-#-#-#-#_#-#-#T#:#:#.#Z_1 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosg_giosgActiveRoom Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage giosgGAChatted_2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosgHasAutosuggested_2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage visitor-app-calls-info Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage visitor-chat-#-call-instance-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage streamyard.com 26 COOKIE_ID_PICOX_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie firstSessionTimestamp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage isFirstSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage isUserInBroadcast Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage jwt Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie jwtOnAir Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie LOCAL_STORAGE_ID_pico_lsid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LOCAL_STORAGE_ID_PICOX_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage orion Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pico#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB pico#keyval Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB PICOX_PING Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_pico_ssid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_PICOX_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_PICOX_SESSION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_streamyard_web Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage spidersense#event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB spidersense#setup_response Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB spidersense#user_info Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB spidersense:user_id:v1_streamyard_web Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sy-cloud-logger Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamOwnerId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamPlan Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamPlanInterval Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage utmParameters Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Giosg 7 Learn more about this provider GIOSG_INTERACTION_DATA_#-#-#-#-#_#-#-#T#:#:#.#Z_1 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosg_giosgActiveRoom Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage giosgGAChatted_2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giosgHasAutosuggested_2 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage visitor-app-calls-info Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage visitor-chat-#-call-instance-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- streamyard.com 26 COOKIE_ID_PICOX_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie firstSessionTimestamp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage isFirstSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage isUserInBroadcast Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage jwt Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie jwtOnAir Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 month Type : HTTP Cookie LOCAL_STORAGE_ID_pico_lsid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LOCAL_STORAGE_ID_PICOX_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage orion Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pico#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB pico#keyval Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB PICOX_PING Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_pico_ssid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_PICOX_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_PICOX_SESSION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage SESSION_STORAGE_ID_streamyard_web Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage spidersense#event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB spidersense#setup_response Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB spidersense#user_info Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB spidersense:user_id:v1_streamyard_web Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sy-cloud-logger Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamOwnerId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamPlan Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage USERINFO_dashboard_activeTeamPlanInterval Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage utmParameters Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage

## AI. Not someday. Today.

Automate what matters today with giosg AI Agents and power the rest of your customer journey with digital tools that engage, connect, and convert.

## We help your teams do more

## Automate 90% of your customer requests

Giosg helps you resolve customer issues faster with AI Agents that can handle up to 95% of everyday requests, and live chat and video tools for everything else. Connect systems, speed up replies, and help customers where it matters most.
Explore AI Agents →

## Convert 2X more leads into sales

Giosg gives you a complete digital sales toolbox. Our AI Lead Agents capture leads with a doubled lead-to-sale conversion rate and AI Shopping Agents help customers choose, compare, and convert on their own. When human touch is needed, live chat, phone, and WhatsApp step in to close the deal. Combine automation with real conversations.
Request demo →

## Capture 4X more leads in one platform

Giosg gives you all the tools you need to run campaigns that perform — from quizzes and pop-ups to video bots. Our customers have 4X their campaign page traffic and with AI-powered lead capture, collected up to 3X more leads through conversations that convert. Why pay for five different tools when one is enough?
Request demo →

## Use cases our customers love

Read how giosg personalizes web experiences
Read how HOAS reached 83% automation
Read how Hyundai doubled their leads
Read how Apotek1 supports their customers live on a large scale
Read about our AI Shopping Assistant with Three Ireland
Read how giosg personalizes web experiences
Read how HOAS reached 83% automation
Read how Hyundai doubled their leads
Read how Apotek1 supports their customers live on a large scale
Read about our AI Shopping Assistant with Three Ireland
Read how giosg personalizes web experiences
Read how HOAS reached 83% automation
Read how Hyundai doubled their leads
Read how Apotek1 supports their customers live on a large scale
Read about our AI Shopping Assistant with Three Ireland
Read how giosg personalizes web experiences
Read how HOAS reached 83% automation

## Meet your digital agents

Our giosg AI Agents are what you need them to be. From sales to internal support, they adapt to your needs.

## Find out why our customers choose us

## Achieve incredible results

### request automation

### more qualified leads

### CSAT

## Start with giosg today!


--------------------