# Helm
**URL:** https://helm.sh
**Page Title:** Helm
--------------------

[LINK: Helm 4 Overview](/docs/overview)

## What is Helm?

Helm helps you manage Kubernetes applications — Helm Charts help you define, install, and upgrade even the most complex Kubernetes application.
Charts are easy to create, version, share, and publish — so start using Helm and stop the copy-and-paste.
Helm is a graduated project in the CNCF and is maintained by the Helm community .

### Learn more:

- Helm Architecture
[LINK: Helm Architecture](./docs/topics/architecture)
- Quick Start Guide
[LINK: Quick Start Guide](./docs/intro/quickstart)
- Video: An Introduction to Helm

## Features

### Manage Complexity

Charts describe even the most complex apps, provide repeatable application installation, and serve as a single point of authority.

### Easy Updates

Take the pain out of updates with in-place upgrades and custom hooks.

### Simple Sharing

Charts are easy to version, share, and host on public or private servers.

### Rollbacks

Use helm rollback to roll back to an older version of a release with ease.

## Getting Started

### Get Helm

Install Helm with a package manager, or download a binary .
[LINK: download a binary](https://github.com/helm/helm/releases/latest)
- Homebrew
- Chocolatey
- Scoop
- Snap
Once installed, unpack the helm binary and add it to your PATH and you are good to go! Check the docs for further installation and usage instructions .
[LINK: docs](./docs/intro/install/)
[LINK: installation](./docs/intro/install/)
[LINK: usage instructions](./docs/intro/using_helm/)

### Get Charts

Visit Artifact Hub to explore Helm charts from numerous public repositories.

## Join the Community

More information about the Helm project, and how to contribute.

### Next Feature Release

### Events

### SIG Apps

They meet each week to demo and discuss tools and projects. Community meetings are recorded and shared to YouTube .
[LINK: meet each week](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/sig-apps/README.md)

### Developer Standups

Thursdays 9:30-10am (PT)
These meetings are open to all. Check the community repo for notes and details.
[LINK: community repo](https://github.com/helm/community/blob/main/communication.md#meetings)

### Slack

Request access here to join the Kubernetes Slack team.

### Contributing

Helm always welcomes new contributions to the project!

### Where to begin?

Helm is a big project with a lot of users and contributors. It can be a lot to take in!
We have a list of good first issues if you want to help but don't know where to start.
[LINK: good first issues](https://github.com/helm/helm/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen%20is%3Aissue%20label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)

### What do I do?

Before you contribute some code, please read our Contribution Guide . It goes over the processes around creating and reviewing pull requests.
[LINK: Contribution Guide](https://github.com/helm/helm/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md)
After you write some code, please sign your commits to ensure Helm adheres to the DCO agreement used by the CNCF .
[LINK: DCO](https://developercertificate.org/)

## Supporters

Helm is supported by and built with a community of over 400 developers.
...and many other wonderful helm core maintainers .
[LINK: many other wonderful helm core maintainers](https://github.com/helm/helm/blob/main/OWNERS)

--------------------