# Hive
**URL:** https://get.hive.com/vnwc6917jgnt
**Page Title:** The #1 Project Management Software For Teams | Hive
--------------------


## Project management, made easy

Move faster with Hive.
Start for free. No credit card required.
Join these fast moving teams

## Run your entire team in one workspace

### Organize your work with a few clicks

- Flexible project views
- Automated Action & Project templates
- Customized labels

### Work with your team across actions, chat, notes & more

- Native in-app chat
- Robust Proofing & approvals
- Customizable External users

### Know exactly where to spend your time

- Flexible Time Tracking
- Resourcing & Time Sheet submissions
- Time Reporting

### Automate your work with a few clicks

- Internal Automated Workflows
- Hive Automate
- 1,000+ integrations

### Harness the full power of AI with Hive

- Buzz AI Assistant
- AI Project & Task Builder
- Email Automations & AI

## Built for teams like yours

“Hive made the most sense for us. It has all the functionalities and integrations we need.”

## 810

hours saved in first month

## 48,600

approval rounds conducted
Director of Health Operations
“We’re now at the point where processes are over 75% automated.”

## 75%+

Processes are automated

## 100%

customer satisfaction
SVP of PMO

## 320 hrs+

saved per year

## 78,000

quality tests
Director of Digital Marketing
“As the centralized marketing team for our university, Hive is what keeps it all straight.”

## 1000+

projects per year
tools before Hive
AVP for Marketing

## Project views that work for you

Timeline
List
Calendar
My Actions
Portfolio
Summary
Label
Team
Project
Kanban
Gantt
Timeline
List
Calendar
My Actions
Portfolio
Summary
Label
Team
Project
Kanban
Gantt
Timeline
List
Calendar
My Actions
Portfolio
Summary
Label
Team
Project

### Start your first project in seconds

Quick-start any type of project in Hive with our 100s of templates.

### Buzz, AI Assistant

Your personal AI intern who can create projects, draft emails, set meetings and share workspace insights.

## "Making the switch to Hive was one of the best things we have done for our agency."

## "Hive combines our 3 prior project management tools into 1."

## "Love Hive's responsiveness - like there's real people on the other side of the app!"

## "Our project meetings used to take an hour. Now they barely take 20 minutes thanks to Hive."

## "You do not need to be a qualified project manager to get the immediate benefits of using Hive."

## "I've been in the PM space for 10 years, I've used a ton of scheduling and project management tools, my favorite so far is definitely Hive."

## "Making the switch to Hive was one of the best things we have done for our agency."

## "Hive combines our 3 prior project management tools into 1."

## "Love Hive's responsiveness - like there's real people on the other side of the app!"

## "Our project meetings used to take an hour. Now they barely take 20 minutes thanks to Hive."

## "You do not need to be a qualified project manager to get the immediate benefits of using Hive."

## "I've been in the PM space for 10 years, I've used a ton of scheduling and project management tools, my favorite so far is definitely Hive."

## "Making the switch to Hive was one of the best things we have done for our agency."

## "Hive combines our 3 prior project management tools into 1."

## "Love Hive's responsiveness - like there's real people on the other side of the app!"

## "Our project meetings used to take an hour. Now they barely take 20 minutes thanks to Hive."

## "You do not need to be a qualified project manager to get the immediate benefits of using Hive."

## "I've been in the PM space for 10 years, I've used a ton of scheduling and project management tools, my favorite so far is definitely Hive."

## Integrates with all your other tools

Say goodbye to toggling between six different tools, just bring all of your important data into Hive.

## Best project management software on the market

Based on 10,000+ reviews from our customers.

## But why Hive?

Three very good reasons why choose Hive as your project management tool.

### Best in class

The world’s only democratically-built platform.

### Best value

Hive starts from $5 per user per month.

### Zero risk

The world’s only adoption guarantee.
Leader on g2
4.6 on G2.com

## See for yourself why successful teams use Hive


--------------------