# https://www.songsforteaching.com/preschoolkindergarten.htm
**URL:** https://www.songsforteaching.com/preschoolkindergarten.htm
**Page Title:** Preschool, Early Childhood, and Kindergarten Songs
--------------------


## Preschool, Early Childhood, 
			    and Kindergarten Songs

### Songs that Teach Elementary Concepts to Young Children

These classroom transitions songs are available from a variety of albums.
These Preschool/Kindergarten songs are available from a variety of albums and teach directions, parts of the body, opposites, money, weather, clothing, telling time, adjectives, action and participation, and good behavior.
Alphabet, Letters & Phonics See our songs about Building Phonological / Phonemic Awareness See our songs about Phonics & Alphabet Songs See our songs about Phonics Songs that Teach Sounds
                              of Letter Blends, Digraphs and Diphthongs
Early Math, Numbers & Counting See our songs about Early Numbers & Counting
Science & Exploration See our songs about Science Songs for Young Children See our songs about Nature & the Environment
Preschool Theme Units See our Theme Units
Parts of the Body Bath – Jeanne Nelson and Hector Marín Cleanup Vacuum Cleaner – Jack Hartmann Face to Face – Fran Avni Feelin' Good – Lauren Mayer Finger Family – Music with Mar. Five Senses – Music with Mar. Five Fingers – Music with Mar. Hands – Songs for Speech and Language Skills I Can! – Ron Brown Itchy, Itchy – The Amazing Body Itchy Twitchy – Ron Brown I Got a Wiggle – Colleen & Uncle Squaty I’ve Got the Music In Me – Margie La Bella I've Got Two – Songs for Speech and Language Skills My Hands On My Head – Adapted by Stephanie Burton My Thumb – Music With Mar. Numbers In A Circle (10) – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Put Your Hands Up in the Air – Hap Palmer Tap It On Your Head – Margie La Bella These Are My Hands – Jack Hartmann Turn Around – Hap Palmer What a Miracle – Hap Palmer See Also :  – Songs About My Body, Health, Fitness, and Illness Portable speakers
[LINK: Tap It On Your Head](https://www.songsforteaching.com/actionparticipation/tapitonyourhead.htm)
Following Directions Beginning / End Let's Start – Prue Whoo Body Parts Everybody Touch Your Head – Margie La Bella Family Dance – Dr. Thomas Moore Head, Shoulders Knees and Toes – Kiboomu Music Head, Shoulders Knees and Toes (Learn It) (sing It) – Super Simple Songs Hey, Hey Everybody – Music with Mar. I Got a Wiggle – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Itchy Itchy – Music, Movement & Magination I've Got the Music In Me – Margie La Bella Let's Clap Our Hands Together – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Shake and Move – Patty Shukla Tap It On Your Head – Margie La Bella Wiggle My Body – Ron Brown Counting A Counting We Will Go – Music, Movement & Magination Jump for Numbers 0-10 – Ron Brown Move It By Your Chair – Margie La Bella Fast / Slow Come, Play That Music – Margie La Bella Move Fast, Move Slow – Jack Hartmann Follow Commands Careful Cuts – Cherry Carl Everybody Wave Hello – Margie La Bella The Finger Dance – Dr. Thomas Moore Follow Directions – Music with Mar. Follow   Me – Patty Shukla Food Group Fun – Music with Mar. I Can Do That! – Jack Hartmann Jump Up! Music, Movement & Magination Little Johnny Brown – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Monkey, Monkey – Music with Mar. Move Your Body Along – Listen and Learn Open Your Mouth and Sing "Ah" – Margie La Bella Reach For the Sky – Amy Michelle & Friends Show Me 10 – Ron Brown The Sockball – Dr. Thomas Moore Stand Up – Skip West Wake Up! – Listen & Learn Wiggle, Giggle and Learn – Stephanie Burton Wiggle Worm Workout – Stephanie Burton Front / Back Around the World – Jack Hartmann Doing the Flamingo Walk – Diana Colson Move It By Your Chair – Margie La Bella ZooDeeAy – Music with Mar. High / Low My Elastic Band – Dr. Thomas Moore Reach For the Sky – Amy Michelle & Friends Wiggle It! – Patty Shukla Left / Right Get Up On Your Feet! – Music with Mar. Kangaroo Learns Left and Right – Jack Hartmann Left and Right – Listen and Learn Left and Right – Ron Brown Lefty – Prue Whoo Penguin Dance Chant – Jack Hartmann Right Hand, Left Hand – Music with Mar. Righty Tighty, Lefty Loosey – Gary Rosen Roly Poly #2 – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Safety Comes First – Listen and Learn Snap, Clap, Wiggle & Giggle – Mary Jo Huff Step to the Right – Mary Jo Huff Way Up In the Sky Stephanie Burton Loud / Soft Come, Play That Music – Margie La Bella Move / Freeze Frozen Kidsicle Freeze – Musical Games and Action Songs Magic Ball – Jack Capon & Rosemary Hallum, Ph.D. Move and Stop – Margie La Bella Move It To the Music – Margie La Bella Move, Then, Stay Still – Music with Mar. Play and Do This – Margie La Bella S.T.O.P. –Patty Shukla Wiggle and Freeze – Cathy Bollinger Near / Far Places Close and Far – Music with Mar. North, South, East and West Directions – Music with Mar. Rhyming Exercise When We Rhyme – Jack Hartmann Up / Down Parachute Goes Up and Down – Music with Mar. Pretty Scarves – Music with Mar. Roly Poly #2 – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Stand Up, Sit Down – Margie LaBella Up – Prue Whoo Up and Down – Cherry Carl Portable speakers
[LINK: Tap It On Your Head](https://www.songsforteaching.com/actionparticipation/tapitonyourhead.htm)
Opposites The Opposite Conga – Jack Hartmann The Opposite Song – Gemini The Opposite Song – David Putano Opposites – Kiboomu Music Opposites – Gary Rosen Opposites – Mary Jo Huff Opposites – Stephanie Burton Opposite Miracles – Claudia Robin Gunn Say the Opposite – Hap Palmer What's Bigger Than A Bear? – Hap Palmer
Money, Currency, and Budgeting 15 Cents – Scott Goodman Coin Song – Scott Goodman Coins In a Dollar – Kathleen Wiley Heads or Tails – Gary Rosen How Many Pennies? – Ron Brown Jobs: Getting Things Done – Frank Bruen Money – Jennifer Fixman Money 1¢ 5¢ 10¢ – Ron Brown Money Counts – Music Movement & Magination The Money Game – Marla Lewis Money In My Pocket – Marilyn M. Linford Money, Money – Frank Bruen Money! Money! – Ron Brown The One-Less-Penny Blues – Music Movement & Magination Skip by Twenty-Fives – Scott Goodman
The Calendar, Weather, and Seasons Songs that Teach about the Weather and Seasons Songs for Teaching Concepts of Weather & Meteorology Songs that Teach the Calendar: Days of the Week and Months of the Year
Clothing The Colors Of Our Clothes – Music, Movement Magination I Am Dressed – Jeanne Nelson and Hector Marín I Just Can't Seem to Tie My Shoes Yet – Music with Mar. Jenny Jenkins – Two of a Kind Look What I Did This Morning – Dr. Thomas Moore My Clothes and Shoes – Listen and Learn New Pair of Shoes – Andy Glockenspiel Put On Your Shoes – Super Simple Songs What Else Do I Need? – Listen and Learn What Are You Wearing? – Hap Palmer What Color Are You Wearing? – Kiboomu Music Whatever the Weather (What to Wear) – Jackie Silberg
Telling Time – Reading the Clock Clock Rock – Listen and Learn Justin Time – Shawny Moving Around the Clock – Music with Mar. Smell My Feet (The Time Song) – Tim Pacific Telling Time – Jennifer Fixman Telling Time – Marilyn M. Linford Tick Tock – Jim Rule Tick Tock – Ron Brown Shop for bestsellers
Adjectives and Concepts of Fast and Slow for Preschoolers Energy – Kelly Good Everything Has a Shape (Adjectives) – Hap Palmer Move Fast, Move Slow – Jack Hartmann Rowing Song – Ron Brown Self-Control – Songs for Speech and Language Skills Slow and Steady – Prue Whoo Song About Slow and Fast – Hap Palmer Stank Up, Sit Down – Patty Shukla Walk. Jog. Run. – Music with Mar. Musical Instruments - Action & Participation The Bubble Wrap Stomp – Stephanie Burton C to C – Wendy Rollin Clap Your Hands – Tickle Tune Typhoon Clap, Clap, Clap – Rachel Rambach - Listen & Learn Come and Go Around with Me – Music With Mar. Come, Play That Music – Margie La Bella Crescendo – Wendy Rollin Dancer in the Middle – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Do You Speak Music? – Judy Leonard Funky Chicken – Mary Jo Huff Get Up and Sing! – Amy Michelle & Friends Good Time – Listen & Learn Hand Clap Rap – Jack Hartmann Hear Me Sing; Watch Me Dance – Music With Mar. Homemade Band – Margie La Bella The Humm-emotion Song – J. W. Snyder I Can Do It By Myself – Listen & Learn I Can Tango – Patty Shukla I Like to Clap – Listen & Learn The Icicle Ball – Karen Rupprecht & Pam Miinor Instrument Friends Suite – Wendy Rollin Jump – Patty Shukla Just For Fun – Marilyn M. Linford The La La Song – Listen & Learn Let's Clap Our Hands Together – Colleen & Uncle Squaty Let's Freeze – Karen Rupprecht & Pam Miinor Making Music – Tickle Tune Typhoon Maraca Rock – Listen & Learn Maracas - I Love That Sound – Dianne Baker Melody & Harmony – Wendy Rollin Movin' is Cool – Jack Hartmann Music Make Me Wanna Move – Music with Mar. Music Time is Over – Margie La Bella My First Song – Wendy Rollin Penguin Waddle – Karen Rupprecht & Pam Miinor Play and Do This – Margie La Bella Play Your Instruments – Stephanie Burton Preschool Rocks! – Preschool Rocks! Raise Your Hand Song – J. W. Snyder Reach For the Sky – Amy Michelle & Friends Rhythm - March & Waltz – Wendy Rollin Rumble To the Bottom – Colleen and Uncle Squaty Sing an Echo Song – Margie La Bella Shake the Shaker – Music with Mar. Spooky Band – Steve Blunt Tap Tap Your Rhythm Sticks – Listen & Learn Ten Little Skeletons (Rhythm Sticks) – Steve Blunt Time to Sing Hello – Listen & Learn Triangle – Ron Brown The Ukulele Song – Listen & Learn Very Best Band – Margie La Bella The Windmill Song – Colleen and Uncle Squaty You Can Strum Too – Listen & Learn You've Got to Wait – Margie La Bella
See More :  – Action Songs for Young Children Portable speakers
See More :  – Character Education Songs
Everyday Activities for Preschoolers and Kindergarteners See our songs about Everyday Activities and Routines
Pets, Animals, and Dinosaurs See all of our pages on Animals , Bugs and Dinosaurs . Numbers and Counting Skills for Preschool and Kindergarten See our Songs and Chants for Early Math Concepts
Colors and Shapes for Early Childhood See all of our Songs that Teach Colors and Shapes to Young Children
Sounds of Letters, Digraphs, and Blends and Phonemic Awareness Alphabet Letters and their Sounds and Phonological Awareness Starting and Ending the Day, Clean-Up Time, and Transitions Songs for Classroom Transitions Safety Songs Songs and Chants that Teach About Safety Family Songs and Songs About Friendship, Getting Along with Others, Character Building, and Conflict Resolution Friends and Family Songs About Food and Nutrition and My Body, Health, and Fitness Healthy Bodies , Food Songs and Physical Fitness Education Songs Music to Celebrate Presidents' Day, Valentine's Day, Independence Day, Halloween, Thanksgiving and the Winter Holidays Holiday Songs Songs Inspired by Classical Children's Literature, Fairy Tales, Nursery Rhymes and Poetry See all of our Fairy Tale & Nursery Rhyme Songs Head Start Programs Song Head Start Kid – Jackie Silberg Portable speakers
Machines, Cars, and Trains See all of our Train and Transportation Songs
Occupations, Schools, Families, Neighborhoods and Homes See all of our Songs for Teaching the "Communities" Curriculum See all of our Movement and Participation Songs for early childhood.
Science Songs for Early Childhood Development See all of our Science Songs for Young Children
Book Suggestions:

--------------------