# Hubtype
**URL:** http://hubtype.com
**Page Title:** Customer Service Automation Solutions | Hubtype
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. These cookies are used to improve your website experience and provide more personalized services to you, both on this website and through other media.
To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy .We won't track your information when you visit our site. But in order to comply with your preferences, we'll have to use just one tiny cookie so that you're not asked to make this choice again.
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 2 Learn more about this provider __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com www.hubtype.com 5 _cfuvid [x5] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie js.hs-scripts.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 2 Learn more about this provider __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com www.hubtype.com 5 _cfuvid [x5] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.hs-scripts.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 userId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage share.synthesia.io 1 loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 userId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- share.synthesia.io 1 loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Albacross 1 Learn more about this provider e.gif Used to distinguish between different users coming from the same IP-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Embed.ly 3 Learn more about this provider viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 4 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.dreamdata.cloud loom.com 3 ajs_anonymous_id [x3] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.embedly.com cdn.prod.website-files.com 2 ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.embedly.com open.spotify.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage share.synthesia.io cdn.loom.com 2 dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Albacross 1 Learn more about this provider e.gif Used to distinguish between different users coming from the same IP-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Embed.ly 3 Learn more about this provider viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 4 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.dreamdata.cloud loom.com 3 ajs_anonymous_id [x3] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.embedly.com cdn.prod.website-files.com 2 ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.embedly.com open.spotify.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- share.synthesia.io cdn.loom.com 2 dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Albacross 2 Learn more about this provider nQ_cookieId Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie nQ_userVisitId Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Dreamdata 3 Learn more about this provider dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie dd_user_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 1 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 25 months Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 25 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.dreamdata.cloud evs.sgmt.loom.com 5 __tld__ [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x2] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Albacross 2 Learn more about this provider nQ_cookieId Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie nQ_userVisitId Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Dreamdata 3 Learn more about this provider dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dd_anonymous_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie dd_user_id Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 1 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 25 months Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 25 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.dreamdata.cloud evs.sgmt.loom.com 5 __tld__ [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x2] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Embed.ly 6 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Spotify 5 Learn more about this provider ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.optibase.io 2 optibaseCachedInitializeResponse-testsfalse-conversionsfalse Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optibaseCachedInitializeResponse-teststrue-conversionstrue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.claydar.com 2 __sn_tld_probe Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie claydar_device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 67d188e7beaa8de43bd46fc0#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB static.claydar.com 9 claydar_device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage claydar_device_id_expires Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage claydar_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage claydar_session_expires Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_de Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_ped Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_rs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_sg Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_sh Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Embed.ly 6 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Spotify 5 Learn more about this provider ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.optibase.io 2 optibaseCachedInitializeResponse-testsfalse-conversionsfalse Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage optibaseCachedInitializeResponse-teststrue-conversionstrue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.claydar.com 2 __sn_tld_probe Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie claydar_device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 67d188e7beaa8de43bd46fc0#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- static.claydar.com 9 claydar_device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage claydar_device_id_expires Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage claydar_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage claydar_session_expires Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_de Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_ped Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_rs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_sg Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage radar_sn_sh Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage

## AI Agents that sell, solve, and delight on WhatsApp & messaging

Turn every chat into a happy customer. Deploy and scale AI agents effortlessly across all your messaging channels.

## Your Platform to Launch AI Agents Anywhere

All-in-one tools: a messaging-focused helpdesk, visual Flow Builder, and advanced analytics. Build AI agents that sell, solve, and keep customers coming back.
Drag, drop, and launch conversational flows—no coding needed.
Centralize all your customer support in one hub, so you never have to switch channels or screens again.
Analyze, learn, and improve your customer experience with the metrics that truly matter.

## AI Agents for WhatsApp & Business Messaging

Design, launch, and manage AI agents with enterprise-grade security and scalability. Boost efficiency, increase sales, and elevate customer experience.

## Enterprise-Ready Platform for AI Agents

Create and scale AI agents across WhatsApp and other messaging channels. Full control, full security, maximum impact on sales and CX. Design journeys, build experiences, and track results—all in one place.
Design conversational journeys in minutes with a highly visual, intuitive editor.
Manage every interaction effortlessly with a clean, visual, and easy-to-use workspace.
Measure what matters. Spot where your customers get stuck and uncover opportunities to enhance their experience and boost results.

## Our solutions for your problems

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

### Limited Automation Capabilities

Hubtype's Automation Platform enables the creation of advanced chatbots and conversational applications that integrate various automation technologies, such as webviews, conversational flows, and multilingual AI. This allows businesses to automate intricate customer service processes effectively.

## Absolute security for companies and customers

For our partners, security is critical. Our systems and messaging channels are both extremely secure options for any business looking to build chat-based customer service. Our chats have end-to-end encryption on messages, secure SSL Webhooks, and we are also ISO 27001 certified. For details on our information architecture, security testing and more, contact us below.

### Cut costs with interactive elements

Achieve new levels of efficiency by automating more use cases and queries than ever before. Customers leverage our industry-specific portfolios of interactive elements, combined with AI and decision flows to create experiences that achieve 80% bot compliance.

### Boost CSAT with amazing user experiences

Increase your CSAT and NPS scores by providing faster, more intuitive self-service with seamless agent handover when required. Provide users with a unified blend of bot and human interactions that deliver smooth experiences that result in a 2X increase in CSAT scores.

### Level-up your tech stack

Hubtype integrates seamlessly with your tech stack, giving you all the benefits of our next-generation automation without having to change your existing technologies. We integrate with your CRM, helpdesk, Data analytics, CMS or existing AI.

## Start automating beyond what you thought was possible

Contact our sales team and we can prepare a personalized demo for the use case, queries and channels you need.

--------------------