# i2-camera.polaroid.com
**URL:** https://i2-camera.polaroid.com
**Page Title:** Discover the Polaroid I-2 Instant Camera
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
On this website, we use Polaroid-owned and third-party cookies (or similar technologies) to gather information from your device, browser and browsing behavior. We use necessary cookies to ensure our website works properly, statistical cookies to gain insight into how our website is used, and preference / marketing cookies to provide you with personalized content and ads on third party websites, including on social media. By clicking “Allow All” you agree to the placement of cookies that track your preferences, marketing cookies and statistical cookies. You also give permission for the associated processing of your personal data, such as the collection of session data or the sharing of data with third parties. If you click “Reject All”, no cookies will be placed except for the necessary cookies. For more information please see our Cookie Policy and Privacy Policy . You may change or withdraw your consent at any time, by visiting our cookie policy and by clicking “ Change your consent ” or “ Withdraw your consent ”
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage is_eu Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider ZD-suid Unique id that identifies the user's session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gtmserver.polaroid.com consent.cookiebot.com polaroid-website.vercel.app 6 CookieConsent [x6] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie i2-camera.polaroid.com www.polaroid.com 2 sessionId [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage is_eu Determines whether the user is located within the EU and therefore is subject to EU's data privacy regulations. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider ZD-suid Unique id that identifies the user's session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- gtmserver.polaroid.com consent.cookiebot.com polaroid-website.vercel.app 6 CookieConsent [x6] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- i2-camera.polaroid.com www.polaroid.com 2 sessionId [x2] Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x2] Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.polaroid.com 1 algoliasearch-client-js-#.#.#-01234VWXYZ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x2] Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.polaroid.com 1 algoliasearch-client-js-#.#.#-01234VWXYZ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Convert Insight 3 Learn more about this provider _conv_r This cookie is used as a referral-cookie that stores the visitor’s profile – the cookie is overwritten when the visitor re-enters the website and new information on the visitor is collected and stored. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_s This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_v This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Klaviyo 1 Learn more about this provider __kla_id This cookie is used to collect information on the visitor's behavior. This information will be stored for internal use on the website – internal analytics is used to optimize the websites or to register if the visitor has subscribed to a newsletter. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage polaroid.com 3 FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sc-static.net 2 u_scsid Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage X-AB This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.polaroid.com 2 polaroidMembershipPopupRedirect Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage polaroidSessionNewsletterSubscription Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.polaroid.com i2-camera.polaroid.com 8 numPages [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage numVisits [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage qualitativeVisitor [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sessionStartEpochTime [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Convert Insight 3 Learn more about this provider _conv_r This cookie is used as a referral-cookie that stores the visitor’s profile – the cookie is overwritten when the visitor re-enters the website and new information on the visitor is collected and stored. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_s This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_v This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage gtmBrowserId This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Klaviyo 1 Learn more about this provider __kla_id This cookie is used to collect information on the visitor's behavior. This information will be stored for internal use on the website – internal analytics is used to optimize the websites or to register if the visitor has subscribed to a newsletter. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- polaroid.com 3 FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- sc-static.net 2 u_scsid Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage X-AB This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.polaroid.com 2 polaroidMembershipPopupRedirect Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage polaroidSessionNewsletterSubscription Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.polaroid.com i2-camera.polaroid.com 8 numPages [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage numVisits [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage qualitativeVisitor [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sessionStartEpochTime [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Convert Insight 1 Learn more about this provider _conv_sptest This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v3/ Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Pinterest 3 Learn more about this provider _pinterest_ct_ua Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ar_debug Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _pin_unauth Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Snap Inc. 2 Learn more about this provider sc_at Used by Snapchat to implement advertisement content on the website - The cookie detects the efficiency of the ads and collects visitor data for further visitor segmentation. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie p Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Teads 4 Learn more about this provider tfpai Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tfpsi Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tfpvi Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie track Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker TikTok 6 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sc-static.net 7 _schn1 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _scid Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _scid_r Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _screload Used by Snapchat to implement advertisement content on the website - The cookie detects the efficiency of the ads and collects visitor data for further visitor segmentation. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie u_sclid Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage u_sclid_r Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage u_scsid_r Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Convert Insight 1 Learn more about this provider _conv_sptest This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v3/ Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pinterest 3 Learn more about this provider _pinterest_ct_ua Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ar_debug Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _pin_unauth Used by Pinterest to track the usage of services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Snap Inc. 2 Learn more about this provider sc_at Used by Snapchat to implement advertisement content on the website - The cookie detects the efficiency of the ads and collects visitor data for further visitor segmentation. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie p Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Teads 4 Learn more about this provider tfpai Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tfpsi Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tfpvi Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie track Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- TikTok 6 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- sc-static.net 7 _schn1 Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _scid Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _scid_r Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _screload Used by Snapchat to implement advertisement content on the website - The cookie detects the efficiency of the ads and collects visitor data for further visitor segmentation. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie u_sclid Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage u_sclid_r Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage u_scsid_r Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Klaviyo 3 Learn more about this provider $last_referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage $referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage kl-post-identification-sync Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_C6SQCM3EQEH3MA3MCNIG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sc-static.net 1 _ScCbts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie www.polaroid.com 1 CV83 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Klaviyo 3 Learn more about this provider $last_referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage $referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage kl-post-identification-sync Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_C6SQCM3EQEH3MA3MCNIG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- sc-static.net 1 _ScCbts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.polaroid.com 1 CV83 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie

## Introducing the Polaroid I-2. Engineered and designed for craft, it’s the first analog instant camera with built-in manual controls. Pair it with the sharpest-ever Polaroid lens and the unique chemistry of Polaroid film, and you have an instant craft tool made for the tactile, creative pursuit of analog photography.

## Master your craft with 6 camera modes

## Master your craft with 6 camera modes

## Get lost in the journey of honing your craft

I’m not into perfection. Chaos. Spontaneity. Randomness. That's where reality exists.

## The sharpest-ever Polaroid lens

The I-2 gives you the sharpest shots of any Polaroid instant camera thanks to its autofocus 3-lens system. Pair it with the I-2’s wider apertures and integrated Lidar ranging meter, and you’ll create stunning, bright portraits with beautiful depth of field.

## Control aperture to craft with light

Experiment with exposure and depth of field with the I-2’s 7 different f-stops. From our largest f8 all the way down to f64, you decide how you craft with light.

## Chase imperfection, embrace the random

Life isn’t perfect. Why should art be?

## Everything you need in one display

Craft through the viewfinder: monitor and control your distance to subject, shutter speed, aperture size, and exposure levels while you create.

## Engineered and designed for craft

The I-2 was created completely in-house. Its sleek black form is a direct result of its function, with the camera being built around its manual controls and Japan-team-designed lens. It’s iconic, yet original. A craftsperson’s tool, in an elegant design.

## Get the best out of our unique chemistry

The I-2 shoots with next-level clarity and detail on Polaroid’s iconic square frame film, meaning you can do things with Polaroid’s unique film chemistry that you’ve never done before.

## The Imperfectionists

A breaker of forms, Coco Capitán’s craft is moored in chaos and unexpected beauty.
A creative polymath, Max Siedentopf’s approach to craft celebrates the accidental, the unconventional, and the imperfect.
A thoughtful photographer, Kotori’s craft is rooted in his ability to see and capture the poetry and beauty found in the everyday.

## Made for the Imperfectionists

## Shop I-2 Bundles

### Polaroid I-2 & i-Type Color Film Set

### Polaroid I-2 Starter Set

### Polaroid I-2 & Premium Shoulder Strap Set

### Polaroid I-2 & Shoulder Holster Set

### Polaroid I-2 Travel Set


--------------------