# i3D.net
**URL:** https://i3d.net
**Page Title:** i3D.net - Low latency, High performance | A Ubisoft company
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
We use cookies and technological tools to analyse the traffic of this website, enhance your experience and offer you ads tailored to your interests. Maintain control over your data by setting cookies, you can change or withdraw your consent at any time. If you refuse cookies, it does not affect the way our site operates, however you will not be able to take full advantage of all our features. For more information, consult our Privacy Statement .
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Amazon 6 Learn more about this provider anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Stores key-value pairs in IndexedDB to enable Spotify’s Anchor podcast player functionality and maintain playback or integration settings for embedded audio content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Detects browser support for Blob storage to enable Spotify’s Anchor podcast player functionality and ensure compatibility for audio playback. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sp_t Stores a unique session identifier for Spotify’s Anchor embedded player to maintain session integrity and ensure proper functionality during the user’s visit. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Maintains session state for Spotify’s Anchor embedded player to ensure proper functionality during the user’s visit. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Stores a unique installation identifier required for the proper functioning of a CloudFront‑hosted embedded component, ensuring it loads and operates correctly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Stores a unique storage identifier required by a CloudFront‑hosted embedded component to manage internal data storage and ensure proper functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider csrftoken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 3 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Stores a unique device identifier for Spotify authentication and session management. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Used to manage session state or redirect logic for Spotify integrations. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.evbstatic.com 2 EB.fonts.neueplak.08-22-2023 Stores font data in local storage to improve website performance and ensure correct display of Eventbrite elements without re-downloading fonts from the server. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage EB.fonts.neueplak-condensed.08-22-2023 Stores font data locally to improve site performance and rendering. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net cdn.evbstatic.com 2 cookies.js [x2] Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hsforms.com zoominfo.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hubapi.com www.i3d.net 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie looking-glass.i3d.net consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie www.i3d.net 1 elementor Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 6 Learn more about this provider anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Stores key-value pairs in IndexedDB to enable Spotify’s Anchor podcast player functionality and maintain playback or integration settings for embedded audio content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Detects browser support for Blob storage to enable Spotify’s Anchor podcast player functionality and ensure compatibility for audio playback. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sp_t Stores a unique session identifier for Spotify’s Anchor embedded player to maintain session integrity and ensure proper functionality during the user’s visit. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Maintains session state for Spotify’s Anchor embedded player to ensure proper functionality during the user’s visit. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Stores a unique installation identifier required for the proper functioning of a CloudFront‑hosted embedded component, ensuring it loads and operates correctly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Stores a unique storage identifier required by a CloudFront‑hosted embedded component to manage internal data storage and ensure proper functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider csrftoken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 3 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Stores a unique device identifier for Spotify authentication and session management. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Used to manage session state or redirect logic for Spotify integrations. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.evbstatic.com 2 EB.fonts.neueplak.08-22-2023 Stores font data in local storage to improve website performance and ensure correct display of Eventbrite elements without re-downloading fonts from the server. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage EB.fonts.neueplak-condensed.08-22-2023 Stores font data locally to improve site performance and rendering. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net cdn.evbstatic.com 2 cookies.js [x2] Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- hsforms.com zoominfo.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- hubapi.com www.i3d.net 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- looking-glass.i3d.net consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.i3d.net 1 elementor Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Amazon 4 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Stores playback-related preferences for Spotify’s Anchor embedded player, such as the last played segment, to enhance user experience by remembering listening progress. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Stores user interface preferences for Spotify’s Anchor platform, including dismissed banners, tutorial popups, and modal visibility settings, to enhance user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Stores cached configuration and feature‑flag settings to ensure the website loads interface elements and functionality consistently across visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.i3d.net 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 4 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Stores playback-related preferences for Spotify’s Anchor embedded player, such as the last played segment, to enhance user experience by remembering listening progress. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Stores user interface preferences for Spotify’s Anchor platform, including dismissed banners, tutorial popups, and modal visibility settings, to enhance user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Stores cached configuration and feature‑flag settings to ensure the website loads interface elements and functionality consistently across visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.i3d.net 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider ES||INSTALLATION_ID stores a unique installation identifier (UUID) used to recognize the browser across visitss, helping the provider gather anonymous usage data, analyze site performance, and understand how visitors interact with the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Stores a unique identifier in local storage to recognize the browser across visits supporting anonymous analytics and performance measurement, helping the provider understand site usage patterns and improve functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Stores a session identifier used to track user interactions during the visit for analytics and performance insights. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.evbstatic.com 2 STATSIG_LOCAL_STORAGE_STABLE_ID This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.us.heap-api.com 9 _hp5_network_buffer.# Stores buffered analytics events for Heap tracking. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _hp5_retry_buffer.# Stores analytics events that failed to send, retrying later. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _hp2_hld_hp2_hld# Stores short‑term identifiers used by Heap Analytics to measure user interactions and improve site performance. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _hp2_id.# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hp2_props.# Stores user properties for Heap Analytics to help measure site usage patterns and improve website performance. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hp2_ses_props.# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hp5_event_props.# Stores event properties for Heap analytics tracking. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _hp5_let.# Stores a timestamp or identifier for Heap event tracking lifecycle. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _hp5_meta.# Stores user and session metadata for Heap analytics, including UTM parameters and pageview details. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie www.i3d.net 3 hs-cta-interactions#cta Stores data about user interactions with HubSpot CTAs to analyze engagement and improve site performance. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mapbox.eventData.uuid:# Stores a unique identifier for tracking interactions with Mapbox maps. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mapbox.eventData:# Stores metadata for Mapbox event tracking, including last successful sync and integration token. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider ES||INSTALLATION_ID stores a unique installation identifier (UUID) used to recognize the browser across visitss, helping the provider gather anonymous usage data, analyze site performance, and understand how visitors interact with the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Stores a unique identifier in local storage to recognize the browser across visits supporting anonymous analytics and performance measurement, helping the provider understand site usage patterns and improve functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Stores a session identifier used to track user interactions during the visit for analytics and performance insights. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.evbstatic.com 2 STATSIG_LOCAL_STORAGE_STABLE_ID This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.us.heap-api.com 9 _hp5_network_buffer.# Stores buffered analytics events for Heap tracking. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _hp5_retry_buffer.# Stores analytics events that failed to send, retrying later. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _hp2_hld_hp2_hld# Stores short‑term identifiers used by Heap Analytics to measure user interactions and improve site performance. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _hp2_id.# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hp2_props.# Stores user properties for Heap Analytics to help measure site usage patterns and improve website performance. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hp2_ses_props.# Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hp5_event_props.# Stores event properties for Heap analytics tracking. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _hp5_let.# Stores a timestamp or identifier for Heap event tracking lifecycle. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _hp5_meta.# Stores user and session metadata for Heap analytics, including UTM parameters and pageview details. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.i3d.net 3 hs-cta-interactions#cta Stores data about user interactions with HubSpot CTAs to analyze engagement and improve site performance. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mapbox.eventData.uuid:# Stores a unique identifier for tracking interactions with Mapbox maps. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mapbox.eventData:# Stores metadata for Mapbox event tracking, including last successful sync and integration token. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Branch 1 Learn more about this provider _s Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used to store user interaction data with ads and deliver targeted advertising across the web. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Heap Analytics 1 Learn more about this provider api/telemetry Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 30 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Used to store user identifiers for personalized advertising and tracking interactions with embedded YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider _zitok Stores a unique identifier used by Eventbrite to track conversions and measure the effectiveness of marketing and event‑related campaigns across sites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.branch.io 2 branch_session Measure wether the user has made any app-downloads on the website, used for statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage branch_session_first Measure wether the user has made any app-downloads on the website, used for statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.evbstatic.com 4 __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs%3Acookies Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs%3Atest Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pixel.byspotify.com 2 __spdt Stores a device identifier used by Spotify’s tracking pixel to measure marketing campaign performance and user behavior across sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __spdt Stores a unique identifier used to track user behavior for marketing attribution and to measure the effectiveness of promotional campaigns across sites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Branch 1 Learn more about this provider _s Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used to store user interaction data with ads and deliver targeted advertising across the web. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Heap Analytics 1 Learn more about this provider api/telemetry Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 30 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Used to store user identifiers for personalized advertising and tracking interactions with embedded YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider _zitok Stores a unique identifier used by Eventbrite to track conversions and measure the effectiveness of marketing and event‑related campaigns across sites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.branch.io 2 branch_session Measure wether the user has made any app-downloads on the website, used for statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage branch_session_first Measure wether the user has made any app-downloads on the website, used for statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.evbstatic.com 4 __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs%3Acookies Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs%3Atest Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- pixel.byspotify.com 2 __spdt Stores a device identifier used by Spotify’s tracking pixel to measure marketing campaign performance and user behavior across sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __spdt Stores a unique identifier used to track user behavior for marketing attribution and to measure the effectiveness of promotional campaigns across sites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.

## Immersive online experiences

### High-performance. Low-latency. And a privately-owned global network you can trust.

## Infrastructure built to win

As game sector veterans, we know what it takes for a network to withstand heavy demands. We’re dedicated to providing the lowest latency possible to users around the world.
The world’s fastest sports cars use innovations developed for Formula 1. Likewise, our game-busting infrastructure supports specialized enterprise solutions that drive diverse industries to win at business.

### 26+ Tbps

Real-Time Network Capacity

### 60+ Locations

On 6 Continents

### 100+ IXPs

Unique Direct Connections

### 9000+ Peers

Unique Direct Connections

## It's all connected

Our ever-expanding network has points of presence around the world. From Madrid to Johannesburg, Amsterdam to Seattle, LA to Tokyo, and everything in between. (If Atlantis was real, we’d be there too.)

## Explore our global low latency network

Explore our network’s performance by choosing a location from our comprehensive list as your starting point on the map. Instantly, you’ll visualize the average latency from your selected origin to all connected destinations worldwide, empowering you to make informed decisions about our low-latency network’s exceptional performance and its potential to meet your global connectivity needs.
- Amsterdam
- Ashburn
- Atlanta
- Bucharest
- Budapest
- Buenos Aires
- Chicago
- Copenhagen
- Dallas
- Dubai
- Eindhoven
- Frankfurt
- Fujairah
- Heerlen
- Hong Kong
- Johannesburg
- Kyiv
- London
- Los Angeles
- Madrid
- Milan
- Montreal
- Mumbai
- Newark
- Oslo
- Paris
- Rotterdam
- St. Denis
- Saint-Laurent
- Santa Clara
- Santiago
- São Paulo
- Seattle
- Singapore
- Stockholm
- Sydney
- Tokyo
- Toronto
- Vienna
- Warsaw
- Zürich

## Don't take our word for it

### See what our customers have to say.

“Because Discord is growing so fast, we have to anticipate quickly and creatively to provide the best growth plan for the short term and the long term. This requires an agile organization like i3D.net to be there along every step of Discord’s journey.”
– Mark Smith, Director of Infrastructure at Discord
- Thousands of servers deployed on 6 continents
- Best in Class Mean-Opinion-Score
- Over 100 million monthly active users
“We were very confident in i3D.net’s ability to provide a good experience for players. We wanted to ensure that the maximum number of people were using i3D.net servers so we only had to burst into the cloud when absolutely necessary.”
– Jan Harasym, Online Infrastructure Engineer at Massive Entertainment
- 2 successful AAA game launches
- Servers dispersed over 10 locations worldwide
- Best-selling game in both the UK and Japan
“Psyonix was able to assure a stable, high-performance connection even in regions where connectivity is notoriously fractured. “So, I’m happy that you guys exist for that reason” laughs Jesse. “I think that i3D.net is the way to go in delivering on that.”
– Brian Jesse, Server Engineer at Psyonix
- Cutting server patching times in half
- Serving tournament player peaks efficiently
- Decreasing latency in difficult to serve regions

## Some key solution ingredients

### Combine from our complete suite of products for a solution tailored to your needs.

### Bare Metal servers

Secure your growing hosting needs from downtime and latency with our dedicated server options.

### Anti-DDoS

Protect yourself from the mounting threat of DDoS attacks using our unique in-house built tools.

### Bare Metal Cloud

Superior performance of a dedicated bare metal server, but with the flexibility of the cloud.

## Game Hosting Platform

Player numbers can be hard to predict. Find a flexible option with the ONE Platform, our hybrid solution of bare metal and multi-cloud scaling.
Serve your everyday traffic needs on a fixed base of reliable, cost-efficient bare metal servers. And for those peak moments? Assign your overcapacity to burst into multiple cloud accounts of your choice, including GCP, AWS, and Azure.
- Low ping times
- No-impact patching
- Instantly scalable
- Highly customizable
- Fully automated
- API driven

### i3D.net provides online business solutions for worldwide game studios and enterprise customers.

### Get in touch with our experts

### From entire game hosting packages, to questions about a single network PoP, we are always available to give you a hand.


--------------------