# Indy
**URL:** https://weareindy.com
**Page Title:** Indy | The Best CRM for Freelancers and Independent Business
--------------------


## Business made simple

Indy helps you manage your entire business. Send proposals, sign contracts, track billable hours, create invoices, and receive payments all in one place.

## Do it all. In one place.

### Raved about by thousands of business owners like you

## 9 tools. 1 place. Countless hours saved.

Cancel those other subscriptions. You can save time and money by using Indy to run your business with one subscription, one website, and helpful tools for your important tasks.

### What makes us Indy?

### From designers to writers, everyone’s onboard

[LINK: Web Developers Learn more](/industry/web-developers)

### Join indies from around the world

## Organize your projects like a boss, without wasting hours on spreadsheets and admin

### People

Keeping tabs on your contacts is simple with our lightweight CRM capabilities. Each person’s contact page automatically organizes all the invoices, files, and other documents you’ve shared with them.

### Projects

You can manage each project’s status, tasks, chat messages, and related documents from one dashboard.

## Integration for every situation.

### Problems & Solutions

## The indie life is complex. We make it simpler.

### Got a question?

### Own it. No matter what “it” is.

Sign up now and discover the perfect companion for your business. Start using the all-in-one platform designed for you—by people like you.

## Indy University

All the latest news, tips, and advice for indies.

## Privacy Preferences

- Your Privacy

### Your Privacy

- Strictly Necessary Cookies

### Strictly Necessary Cookies

- Performance Cookies

### Performance Cookies

- Functional Cookies

### Functional Cookies

- Targeting Cookies

### Targeting Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

### Back

- Name cookie name
- Name cookie name

--------------------