# K6
**URL:** https://k6.io
**Page Title:** Load testing for engineering teams | Grafana k6
--------------------


## The best developer experience for load testing

Open source and SaaS for engineering teams

### Loved by developers. Trusted by businesses

## Prevent failures. Improve reliability. Release with confidence.

Test early and continuously—break the QA silo in performance testing
- Developers Backend and frontend engineers prevent regressions when running performance tests.

### Developers

Backend and frontend engineers prevent regressions when running performance tests.
- Site Reliability Engineers Test scalability to improve your reliability targets. Test SLOs and avoid SLA breaches.

### Site Reliability Engineers

Test scalability to improve your reliability targets. Test SLOs and avoid SLA breaches.
- Software Engineers in Test / QA Shift left and collaborate with developers for effective and continuous testing.

### Software Engineers in Test / QA

Shift left and collaborate with developers for effective and continuous testing.

## Script tests in Javascript

## On your machines, our cloud, or both

Scale from solo developers to large enterprises

### Use the same script for local, distributed, and cloud tests

Migrate from local tests to the cloud using the same script for both environments.

### Run tests from 21 load zones

Simulate real global traffic patterns.

## More testing with one tool

k6 Open Source is designed for load testing. Extensible to support other types of testing.
- Load testing Verify that applications can handle the expected traffic. Different goals require different tests: stress tests , spike tests , soak tests , smoke tests , etc.

### Load testing

Verify that applications can handle the expected traffic. Different goals require different tests: stress tests , spike tests , soak tests , smoke tests , etc.
[LINK: stress tests](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/testing-guides/test-types/stress-testing/)
[LINK: spike tests](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/testing-guides/test-types/spike-testing/)
[LINK: soak tests](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/testing-guides/test-types/soak-testing/)
[LINK: smoke tests](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/testing-guides/test-types/smoke-testing/)
- End-to-end web testing Mix browser and API testing —interact with real browsers and collect frontend metrics to get a holistic user view.

### End-to-end web testing

Mix browser and API testing —interact with real browsers and collect frontend metrics to get a holistic user view.
- Synthetic monitoring Traditional ping testing is not enough anymore. Reuse your k6 tests with Synthetic Monitoring to continuously verify production environments.

### Synthetic monitoring

Traditional ping testing is not enough anymore. Reuse your k6 tests with Synthetic Monitoring to continuously verify production environments.
- Fault injection testing Inject faults in Kubernetes-based apps to recreate application errors. Test resilience patterns and tolerance of internal errors to improve reliability.

### Fault injection testing

Inject faults in Kubernetes-based apps to recreate application errors. Test resilience patterns and tolerance of internal errors to improve reliability.
- Infrastructure testing Test how cloud-native systems scale. Isolate bottlenecks. Plan and provision infrastructure capacity.

### Infrastructure testing

Test how cloud-native systems scale. Isolate bottlenecks. Plan and provision infrastructure capacity.
- Regression testing Test continuously to track changes in performance and reliability. Prevent software regressions from reaching production.

### Regression testing

Test continuously to track changes in performance and reliability. Prevent software regressions from reaching production.

## Integrations and Extensions

k6 integrates with your dev tools. Extensions add new capabilities to k6.
- Postman
Postman
- New Relic
[LINK: New Relic](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/real-time/new-relic/)
New Relic
- Visual Studio
[LINK: Visual Studio](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/misc/integrations/#ide-extensions)
Visual Studio
- Grafana
[LINK: Grafana](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/grafana-dashboards/)
Grafana
- IntelliJ IDEA
[LINK: IntelliJ IDEA](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/misc/integrations/#ide-extensions)
IntelliJ IDEA
- Datadog
[LINK: Datadog](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/real-time/datadog/)
Datadog
[LINK: View all integrations](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/misc/integrations/)
- Kubernetes
[LINK: Kubernetes](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-kubernetes)
Kubernetes
- Prometheus
[LINK: Prometheus](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/real-time/prometheus-remote-write/)
Prometheus
- Pub/Sub
[LINK: Pub/Sub](https://github.com/olvod/xk6-pubsub)
Pub/Sub
- Amazon SQS
[LINK: Amazon SQS](https://github.com/mridehalgh/xk6-sqs)
Amazon SQS
- Kafka
[LINK: Kafka](https://github.com/mostafa/xk6-kafka)
Kafka
- OpenTelemetry
[LINK: OpenTelemetry](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-distributed-tracing)
OpenTelemetry
[LINK: View all extensions](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/extensions/)

## What our users are saying

- FraggleRock613 @schuran @k6_io thank you for creating an amazing open source product. I wrote my own thread ripper for load testing and you just saved my socks with the integration tools you have by default. Anyone looking to do load testing highly recommend using k6. It also reminds me of snowboarding.

### FraggleRock613

@k6_io thank you for creating an amazing open source product. I wrote my own thread ripper for load testing and you just saved my socks with the integration tools you have by default. Anyone looking to do load testing highly recommend using k6. It also reminds me of snowboarding.
- Aaron Boodman @aboodman It's time for me to once again sing the praises of @k6_io . If you've ever written a load test I think you'll likely agree it is the grungiest of grungy tasks. k6 makes it fun. It's like Greasemonkey for load testing. Cannot recommend enough.

### Aaron Boodman

It's time for me to once again sing the praises of @k6_io . If you've ever written a load test I think you'll likely agree it is the grungiest of grungy tasks. k6 makes it fun. It's like Greasemonkey for load testing. Cannot recommend enough.
- G Barnes @G0GMANGO I'm 90% complet on my #PoC and in my professional opinion @k6_io is definitely a #gamechanger for #performance #testing allows #shiftleft excellent #docs support 4 #Docker #javascript custom #metrics and establish #thresholds to pass/fail #cicd builds for both #webui & #API

### G Barnes

I'm 90% complet on my #PoC and in my professional opinion @k6_io is definitely a #gamechanger for #performance #testing allows #shiftleft excellent #docs support 4 #Docker #javascript custom #metrics and establish #thresholds to pass/fail #cicd builds for both #webui & #API
[LINK: #docs](https://twitter.com/hashtag/docs?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)
[LINK: #API](https://twitter.com/hashtag/API?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)
- brettflorio @brettflorio I've toyed with a few load testing tools over the years, but only today tried @k6_io , and wow, is it pleasant to use. Haven't tried the hosted version, but for quick and easy CLI stuff, absolutely wonderful.

### brettflorio

I've toyed with a few load testing tools over the years, but only today tried @k6_io , and wow, is it pleasant to use. Haven't tried the hosted version, but for quick and easy CLI stuff, absolutely wonderful.
- Cees-Jan Kiewiet @WyriHaximus Toying around with @k6_io tonight. Pretty impressed with how easy it is to set up (yay @Docker !) and to start building test scripts. Some early results: pic.twitter.com/LGCESvFMlv

### Cees-Jan Kiewiet

Toying around with @k6_io tonight. Pretty impressed with how easy it is to set up (yay @Docker !) and to start building test scripts. Some early results: pic.twitter.com/LGCESvFMlv
- Josef Richter @josefrichter I love products like @k6_io - very technical and geeky domain, yet the product is extremely user friendly and you can understand and start using it within *seconds*, not even minutes. Great job.

### Josef Richter

I love products like @k6_io - very technical and geeky domain, yet the product is extremely user friendly and you can understand and start using it within *seconds*, not even minutes. Great job.
- Open Source
- Grafana Cloud k6
- Pricing
- Documentation
[LINK: Documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/)
- Blog
- Community
- Testimonials
- Resources
- Our Story
- Contact Us

--------------------