# Keywordtool.io
**URL:** https://keywordtool.io
**Page Title:** Keyword Tool ⚠️ Google Keyword Planner【Search FREE】
--------------------


## Find Great Keywords Using Google Autocomplete

- Google
- YouTube
- Bing
- Perplexity
- Amazon
- eBay
- App Store
- Play Store
- Instagram
- Pinterest
- Etsy
- TikTok
- Naver
- Google Trends
- Google

### Trusted By

## Keyword Tool Is The Best Alternative To Google Keyword Planner And Other Keyword Research Tools

Here are a few reasons why:
Free version of Keyword Tool generates up to 750+ long-tail keyword suggestions for every search term
Unlike Keyword Planner or other tools, Keyword Tool is extremely reliable as it works 99.99% of the time
You can use Keyword Tool absolutely for free, even without creating an account
Are you a business owner, online marketer or content creator? If so, most likely you would like more people to visit your website, read your content and buy your products or services. The easiest way to achieve it is to find out what your potential customers or readers are searching for on Google and create content on your website around these topics.
Every search is an expression of people's needs, wants, interests and desires. Imagine how your business would benefit if you could analyze search trends on Google , find search terms that are related to your business domain and customize content on your website to serve the actual needs of your customers.
Keyword Tool will help you discover thousands of new long-tail keywords related to any topic by automatically generating Google's search suggestions. The keyword suggestions will be produced based on a Google domain and language that you choose.

## How Does Keyword Tool Work?

Keyword Tool is free online keyword research instrument that uses Google Autocomplete to generate hundreds of relevant long-tail keywords for any topic.
Google Autocomplete is a feature used in Google Search. Its purpose is to speed up the searches performed by users on Google.
The search terms suggested by Google Autocomplete are selected based on many different factors. One of them is how often users were searching for a particular search term in the past.
Keyword Tool helps you employ Google Suggest for keyword research. It extracts Google keyword suggestions and presents it to you in an easy-to-understand interface.
To generate long-tail keyword suggestions, Keyword Tool prepends and appends the search term which you specify with different letters and numbers, places it into Google search box and pulls out keyword suggestions. Best part, all of it happens in a split of a second!
Using Keyword Tool, you can choose a specific Google domain out of 192 supported domains and one out of 83 languages that will be used to produce keyword suggestions.
The free version of Keyword Tool can generate up to 750+ keywords from Google autocomplete in seconds.
The advanced version of Keyword Tool, Keyword Tool Pro, provides on average two times more keywords in comparison to the free version and offers a handful of other useful features. You can find more information about Keyword Tool Pro and subscribe at this page .
You can quickly find and analyze thousands of relevant long-tail keywords with free or paid version of Keyword Tool and use them for content creation, search engine optimization, pay-per-click advertising or other marketing activities.

## Why Is Keyword Tool One Of The Best Free Keyword Research Tools?

There are few places on the web where you can find keywords that people type in Google search box. One of the most popular sources of this information is Google Keyword Planner .
Unfortunately, data presented by Google Keyword Planner is meant to be used for paid advertising inside Google Ads platform. The keywords that you will find with this tool might be too generic and not very descriptive. In other words, barely useful for content marketing, blogging, or SEO.
Keyword Tool does not use Google Keyword Planner to generate keyword ideas. We find keywords that people search for on Google using the different source - Google Autocomplete.
Google Autocomplete, the source of data employed by Keyword Tool, was created by Google to make search experience for people easier and faster.
Basically, Google shows the autocomplete suggestions whenever you start typing anything into Google search box. It is in Google's best interest to show the most relevant keywords in the autocomplete suggestions. Keywords that would help Google to retrieve the most relevant websites and help users find the most relevant content for their search query.
Here is what Google says about the autocomplete predictions:
Autocomplete predictions are automatically generated by an algorithm without any human involvement based on a number of objective factors, including how often past users have searched for a term.

## Keyword Tool Helps To Find Keywords That Are Hidden In Google Keyword Planner

Did you notice that you are unable to use Keyword Planner without a Google Ads account?
There is a reason for that.
Keyword Planner - is a tool created for advertisers and is not meant for content creation or SEO. Yes, it does contain valuable data about keywords such as competition, suggested bid, average monthly searches, etc.
But, at the same time, it will hide profitable long-tail keywords with thousands of monthly searches that can be used to create content for your website. Some digital marketing professionals think that it is done on purpose and helps Google to increase the competition and cost-per-click for a limited number of keywords.
Keyword Tool is the best alternative to Google Keyword Planner for content marketing and SEO as it does not hide popular keywords that can be used to create content for your website.

## Keyword Tool For SEO And Content Creation

If you want your website to get traffic from Google or other search engines, you need to make sure that it contains content created around the right keywords. What this means is that you should be utilizing words that your potential audience is already using while looking for similar content, products or services online.
The best way to discover these keywords, as it was proven by thousands of thriving websites and online businesses, is to use keywords from Google search suggestions as a base to create content for your website.
By creating content around the popular keywords that your audience is using to find information online, you are already giving great value to your website visitors. In return, Google will reward your web property with higher rankings which entail traffic increase.

## Keyword Tool For International SEO

If you are looking for keywords in languages other than English, you will find Keyword Tool's features very useful. Keyword Tool allows you to pull keywords from 192 Google domains and use 83 Google language interfaces to generate keyword suggestions. That way we make sure that the generated keywords will be relevant to the country and/or language that you are creating your content for.
Our paid subscriptions - Keyword Tool Pro and Keyword Tool API fully support all Google domains and languages and provide very accurate search volume, cost-per-click and Google Ads Competition Data for keywords in all 192 supported countries, 68,000+ individual locations and 46 languages.
[LINK: Keyword Tool API](https://keywordtool.io/api)

## Keyword Tool For Advertising

If you are running pay-per-click (PPC) advertising campaigns and target your ads based on keywords that users type in Google, you know how important it is to select the right keywords for your campaigns.
The relevant keywords that you target with your ads will bring the right audience to your website. Showing your ads to people that type relevant keywords will result in higher click-through rate (CTR), lower cost-per-click (CPC) and higher conversion rates for your business. As a result, you will spend less money on advertising and generate a better return on investment.

## Featured On The World's Leading Publications And Websites

Keyword Tool uses Google Autocomplete to generate a list of relevant, long-tail keyword suggestions . This tool can help you understand what people are searching for around your topics. For example, bloggers might use a tool like this to brainstorm blog post titles that will do well in search.
Keyword Tool is used by many leading SEO's to find long-tail and related keywords. Relying on Google's autocomplete feature, it gives you quick access to popular search terms that you may not think to search for in Google's Keyword Planner.
The first place to start is with long-tail research and this can be done with the help of a number of tools. My first choice, however, is always KeywordTool.io.
KeywordTool.io: This long-tail keyword research tool can provide thousands of keyword suggestions from real user queries.
Just like on the web, focus on relevancy and search volume. Do an exhaustive research on your keywords using the Keyword Tool.
Keyword Tool: This is a tool where you can test keyword popularity.

### Frequently Asked Questions

Start Using Keyword Tool Now

--------------------