# Kira Systems
**URL:** https://kirasystems.com
**Page Title:** AI Contract Review Software | Kira | Litera
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Evergage 1 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.evgnet.com 1 AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie info.litera.com 2 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie info.litera.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Evergage 1 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.evgnet.com 1 AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- info.litera.com 2 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- info.litera.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Bizible 1 Learn more about this provider _biz_flagsA This cookie serves multiple purposes; it determines whether the user has submitted any forms, performed cross-domain migration or has made any tracking opt-out choices. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider vidyardSettings Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Bizible 1 Learn more about this provider _biz_flagsA This cookie serves multiple purposes; it determines whether the user has submitted any forms, performed cross-domain migration or has made any tracking opt-out choices. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider vidyardSettings Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Spotify 6 Learn more about this provider ES|#|EVENT|# Captures anonymized session replay data to help developers understand user interactions and diagnose issues with embedded Spotify content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Used by Spotify's embedded player to orchestrate event logging Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID These cookies track playback events, session identifiers, and user interaction sequences with Spotify’s embedded player. They support performance monitoring and analytics without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# These cookies track playback events, session identifiers, and user interaction sequences with Spotify’s embedded player. They support performance monitoring and analytics without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID These cookies track playback events, session identifiers, and user interaction sequences with Spotify’s embedded player. They support performance monitoring and analytics without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Spotify 6 Learn more about this provider ES|#|EVENT|# Captures anonymized session replay data to help developers understand user interactions and diagnose issues with embedded Spotify content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Used by Spotify's embedded player to orchestrate event logging Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID These cookies track playback events, session identifiers, and user interaction sequences with Spotify’s embedded player. They support performance monitoring and analytics without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# These cookies track playback events, session identifiers, and user interaction sequences with Spotify’s embedded player. They support performance monitoring and analytics without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID These cookies track playback events, session identifiers, and user interaction sequences with Spotify’s embedded player. They support performance monitoring and analytics without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. 6sc.co 1 6suuid Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Bizible 8 Learn more about this provider _BUID Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ipv Used by Bizible to identify and track individual visitors across sessions and domains for marketing attribution. It supports multi-touch attribution by helping map ad clicks, website visits, and conversions to a user’s profile. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker u Used by Bizible to store a unique identifier for the visitor. This allows Bizible to recognize returning users, link sessions, and attribute interactions across marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _biz_dfsA Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_kvpA Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_nA Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_pendingA Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_uid Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 9 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider {"words":[#,#,#,#,#],"sigBytes":20} This cookie is set by Vidyard, a video hosting and analytics platform. It tracks user interactions with embedded video content to support marketing efforts, including measuring engagement, identifying returning visitors, and personalizing video experiences. The data collected helps optimize video performance and tailor content delivery based on user behavior. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.evgnet.com 2 _evga_01ef This cookie is set by Evergage, part of Salesforce Marketing Cloud Personalization. It is used to identify individual visitors and track their behavior across sessions to deliver personalized content and experiences. The data collected helps tailor website interactions based on user preferences and engagement history. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _sfid_01ef It creates a unique identifier for each visitor when they land on a page. This helps Salesforce track user interactions across sessions without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie j.6sc.co 5 v1/beacon/img.gif Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _an_uid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_session Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_svisitor Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_visitor Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- 6sc.co 1 6suuid Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Bizible 8 Learn more about this provider _BUID Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ipv Used by Bizible to identify and track individual visitors across sessions and domains for marketing attribution. It supports multi-touch attribution by helping map ad clicks, website visits, and conversions to a user’s profile. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker u Used by Bizible to store a unique identifier for the visitor. This allows Bizible to recognize returning users, link sessions, and attribute interactions across marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _biz_dfsA Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_kvpA Collects data on user visits to the website, such as what pages have been accessed. The registered data is used to categorise the user's interest and demographic profiles in terms of resales for targeted marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_nA Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_pendingA Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _biz_uid Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 9 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider {"words":[#,#,#,#,#],"sigBytes":20} This cookie is set by Vidyard, a video hosting and analytics platform. It tracks user interactions with embedded video content to support marketing efforts, including measuring engagement, identifying returning visitors, and personalizing video experiences. The data collected helps optimize video performance and tailor content delivery based on user behavior. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.evgnet.com 2 _evga_01ef This cookie is set by Evergage, part of Salesforce Marketing Cloud Personalization. It is used to identify individual visitors and track their behavior across sessions to deliver personalized content and experiences. The data collected helps tailor website interactions based on user preferences and engagement history. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _sfid_01ef It creates a unique identifier for each visitor when they land on a page. This helps Salesforce track user interactions across sessions without storing personally identifiable information. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- j.6sc.co 5 v1/beacon/img.gif Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _an_uid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_session Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_svisitor Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gd_visitor Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Reddit 4 Learn more about this provider _rdt_em [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _rdt_pn [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Reddit 4 Learn more about this provider _rdt_em [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _rdt_pn [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Learn more about the only AI legal agent built on 30+ years of legal experience.

## Contract Intelligence You Can Trust

## Meet Lito: Your AI Legal Agent Built on 30 Years of Experience

Introducing Lito—your AI Legal Agent for small-scale reviews and quick legal tasks. Lito understands legal nuance, orchestrates the right action, proactively guiding lawyers through review, drafting, and collaboration. For high-volume due diligence, Kira remains your powerhouse; for fast, embedded reviews, Lito is your new go-to.
Litera is democratizing AI for the legal industry. Lito is included free of charge for all new and existing Kira customers on top of their current subscription.

## Accelerate Contract Analysis with Innovative Battle-Tested AI

The industry’s most trusted contract review AI, Kira’s unparalleled accuracy and innovative workflows enable legal teams to deliver enhanced client value.

## How Does Kira Streamline Contract Reviews?

Kira streamlines contract reviews using its predictive and generative AI. The platform's predictive AI automatically identifies and extracts over 1,400 clauses and data points across 40 key legal areas. Its generative smart fields also allow lawyers to uncover any insight using simple natural language prompts.

## Unlock Insights with Litera AI+

Get instant contract answers, jump-start diligence reports, and stay compliant with client AI requirements.

## Leverage Agentic AI for Drafting and Structured Review

Lito is an AI Legal Agent from Litera, built on 30 years of legal technology experience. It helps automate quick structured reviews, uncover risks, suggest mitigation strategies for redlines, and assess compliance with playbooks directly within Outlook, the Web and Apple iOS.

## Boost Productivity with Intuitive, Familiar Workflows

Easily assign tasks, track progress, search, compare clauses or documents, and see data on the frequency or relationships between critical provisions and clauses.

## Export with Ease

Export extracted information from all or selected documents. Customize reports to meet your needs.

## The #1 Contract Review and Due Diligence Platform in Legal

Kira cuts review time in half and provides accuracy on par with senior associates.

## 80%

of top 25 M&A law firms globally

## 70%

of the top 50 global law firms

## 60%

of Am Law 100

## 4 of the 5

UK Magic Circle firms
of Canada’s Seven Sisters firms
of the Big 4 Accounting Firms
Learn More
- Kira empowers our lawyers to work faster and more precisely, enhancing the overall quality of our due diligence process. Glenn LaForce Chief Knowledge & Innovation Officer, Holland & Knight
Chief Knowledge & Innovation Officer, Holland & Knight
- The associates feel like, ‘if I don’t have Kira, I can’t function’. Leslie Gold Senior Knowledge & Innovation Attorney, Paul Weiss
Senior Knowledge & Innovation Attorney, Paul Weiss
- I can’t remember an M&A deal over the last four years where we haven’t used Kira . . . even on the sell-side, where we’re selling a client and we’re building out disclosure schedules . . . it’s been a really groundbreaking technology! Partner Top 10 Global Law Firm
- We are incredibly excited about our continued partnership with Litera and the integration of Kira Smart Summaries with an OpenAI model. This innovative solution allows us to better serve our clients Bill Garcia, Chief Practice Innovation Officer Thompson Hine
- Kira empowers our lawyers to work faster and more precisely, enhancing the overall quality of our due diligence process. Glenn LaForce Chief Knowledge & Innovation Officer, Holland & Knight
Chief Knowledge & Innovation Officer, Holland & Knight
- The associates feel like, ‘if I don’t have Kira, I can’t function’. Leslie Gold Senior Knowledge & Innovation Attorney, Paul Weiss
Senior Knowledge & Innovation Attorney, Paul Weiss
- I can’t remember an M&A deal over the last four years where we haven’t used Kira . . . even on the sell-side, where we’re selling a client and we’re building out disclosure schedules . . . it’s been a really groundbreaking technology! Partner Top 10 Global Law Firm
- We are incredibly excited about our continued partnership with Litera and the integration of Kira Smart Summaries with an OpenAI model. This innovative solution allows us to better serve our clients Bill Garcia, Chief Practice Innovation Officer Thompson Hine

## Better Informed Deals

Find and analyze key language in contracts and other documents, enabling your teams to identify critical risks and deliver superior client outcomes.

### Enhance Accuracy

### Consistent, Repeatable AI Contract Review

### Deliver Differentiated Client Value

## Ready to see Kira in action?

## Featured Resources for Kira

### Kira Maintains a 55 NPS—A Testament to Customer Loyalty and Satisfaction

### Kira and Generative AI

### M&A in the AI Era: Future Trends in Deal-Making Tech


--------------------