# Klue
**URL:** https://klue.com
**Page Title:** Klue | Competitive Intel + Win-Loss From One Platform
--------------------

INTRODUCING: WIN-LOSS AI INTERVIEWER

## INTRODUCING: WIN-LOSS AI INTERVIEWER

## Unlock a new way of doing Win-Loss

## Unlock a new way of doing Win-Loss

LEARN MORE
Automatically collect, curate, and share competitive intel throughout your organization
Capture objective buyer feedback to drive your go-to-market strategy
See how it works
Connect your tools
Protect your data
Klue announced the launch of Compete Agent—an AI agent designed to eliminate manual work and deliver real-time competitive deal intelligence directly to sellers right where they work.
Master competitive enablement with expert resources
Shows from the best competitive experts, all in one place
Join us virtually & in-person across the globe
Learn and connect with your peers
Explore how our customers win with Klue
Competitive news and strategies — straight to your inbox
The best PMM & competitive jobs in one spot
Ryan Sorley’s launching his first book! He shares Win-Loss tactics and book secrets pulling on his years and years of expertise.
Learn about our team, our mission and our vision for how organizations will compete in the future
Join our team
What we’re up to
How to get in touch
Introducing

## Compete Agent

Your competitive intel operative.
Eliminate the manual work eating into your strategic priorities.
TRUSTED BY THE FIERCEST COMPETITORS

### Competitive Intelligence

Help your sellers work and win their competitive deals by delivering deal-based competitive insights directly into the tools they use every day.

### Win-Loss

Capture and analyze objective feedback from your buyers to remove bias from decisions being made about your product and go-to-market strategy

## One platform

Klue brings together your competitive intelligence and win-loss programs into one place so you can enable your teams with the market, competitive, and buyer insights they need to win.

## Deal-based competitive insights

Klue proactively supports sellers in all of their competitive deals by sending personalized, actionable content with recommendations on what they should do next.

## Win-Loss depth & quality

Klue’s team of experienced interviewers, analysts, and writers produce high-quality, more insightful interviews by extracting key insights on your competition, product, and more.

## Integrated with your workplace

Deliver and retrieve competitive intel from the most important tools that your teams already use every single day.

## 250,000+ users rely on Klue to come out on top.

Klue ranks as the G2 industry leader in 4 categories based on hundreds of customer reviews. Find out how Klue helps our customers win more business in our G2 report.
72%
Seller Adoption
195
Ask Klue answers
243
Deal Tips automatically sent to sellers
“It’s like having my own CI assistant. With Klue, our sellers get the exact message and proof point right when they need it. That’s the difference between hoping they say the right thing and knowing they will.”
Jason Hersh
Principal, Market Intelligence
28%
increase in win-rate against top competitors
hours saved per week
12+
competitors automatically tracked
“Compete Agent saves me two days a week and has increased our win rates by 28% against our top competitors. It’s a game changer for how Blackbaud competes.”
Jordan Glenn
Sr. Business Process Analyst
“Ask Klue has revolutionized our battlecard strategy by letting us embed far richer data and trust that AEs can simply ask for exactly what they need—whether it’s intel on an obscure competitor without a dedicated card, a thorny threat that could derail a deal, or details on a new capability like “can they do X?”
Trevor Evans
Director of Product Marketing
60+
Competitor Profiles
“We cover such a broad landscape of about 60 direct and indirect competitors so it’s less about diving into the nitty-gritty and more about having broad, consistent coverage. The fact that Klue can quickly generate a central place for reps to get a high-level summary of what’s going on with a competitor? That’s clutch. It makes my job a whole lot easier.”
Jacob Presson
Competitive Intelligence Manager
PRODUCT TOURS

## Take Klue for a spin.

Test drive Klue’s competitive intelligence platform on your own time.  Pick a tour, see how the product works, and get to know Klue.

## Want to see Klue in action?

Let’s do it. Tell us a bit about yourself and we’ll set up  a time to wow you.

## Product

## Resources

## Shows

## Community

## Company

## Follow Us On

Status Media Kit Privacy | © 2025 Klue Labs Vancouver, BC

## Access Resource

## Want to see Klue in Action?

## Thanks for your request. We’ll be in touch very soon.

INTRODUCING

## Win-Loss AI Interviewer

Unlock a new way of doing Win-Loss

--------------------