# Kopy
**URL:** https://kopy.app
**Page Title:** Kopy - Copy products for Shopify Stores
--------------------

🚀 Now You Can Build AI Ready-to-Sell Shopify Product Pages in 1-Click ! Learn More

## Copy and Paste products to your Shopify Store in seconds

## Import products

## Native translation

## AI Copywriting

## Easy to use

## If you already have an account, we'll log you in

## How Kopy Works

Kopy ensures that your new imported product aligns with your store's unique style.

## 100% RISK-FREE. CANCEL ANYTIME.

## Go from Zero, to Ready to Sell. In Seconds.

## +2,500

## 100%

## +$1k

## 100% RISK-FREE. CANCEL ANYTIME.

## Transform Product Details with AI Automation

In the dynamic world of e-commerce, your product titles and descriptions are your first impression, and ultimately, your key to success.

## 100% RISK-FREE. CANCEL ANYTIME.

## How Kopy Stands Out

## Thousands Of Raving Entrepreneurs

## Affordable Pricing

We've designed our pricing with your budget in mind. We understand the challenges entrepreneurs face, and we're committed to offering a solution that empowers your e-commerce journey without straining your finances.

## $4.99 /Month

## $24.99 /Month

## $29.99 /Month

## Any Questions? We Got Answers

Kopy is an app that allows you to copy easily products from any Shopify store to your store in just 1 CLICK.  Insert the URL of your desired product, collection or store to copy products from and you'll save a LOT of time getting ALL the Titles, Images, Descriptions, Variants, Prices, Compare at price and SEO info copied into your store in a matter of seconds.
You can copy products just in seconds and also edit them before importing
Right now Kopy support copy products from Shopify, Aliexpress, CJ Dropshipping, Etsy, Amazon, Shein, Alibaba and Temu.
It's possible to Copy the whole store in a few minutes (stores with 2500+ products probably will take 3-5 minutes to copy)
Please contact to info@kopy.app if you have any question about Kopy

## Any Questions? We Got Answers

$4.99/month for the first store and $2.99/month for the extra stores in the same account
The charges are simple, just $2.99/month for extra stores
Yes! You have 3 days free trial to try Kopy, including the AI features and Kopy Protect (our newest feature to protect your store from competitors and spy tools).

## Any Questions? We Got Answers

You can use the chat at https://app.kopy.app/ or contact to our email at info@kopy.app

## Start Your FREE Trial Today

## Try Kopy 3 Days For FREE

## Kopy AI features available during your free trial

## Integrate Kopy to your Shopify Store within seconds

## 100% RISK-FREE. CANCEL ANYTIME.


--------------------