# Lago
**URL:** https://getlago.com
**Page Title:** Lago | Open-Source Billing Infrastructure
--------------------


## The AI-native billing platform

Lago is the billing platform that gives teams full transparency, control and flexibility to manage and scale any pricing model.
Lago helps engineering and business teams collaborate on complex billing through the API and a visual interface.
Mistral AI handles subscriptions and usage-based billing for dozens of products with Lago.
Bring together subscriptions and usage-based pricing, self-serve and enterprise sales-led motions in one platform.
PayPal trusts Lago for open-source flexibility and transparency.
Billing shouldn't be a black box. Lago combines the best of third-party vendors and homegrown systems.
1NCE automates and scales global IoT billing with Lago.

### Empower all teams with usage data

Build billing without the headaches.
Ship complex pricing and new packaging faster.
Billing for all motions, products and geographies.
One source of truth for all billing data.

### Lago shines when billing gets complex

From all those different providers, we need to collect the usage on a recurring basis and transform them into billing events that we send to Lago... we process millions of events each day.
— Dries Vints, Billing Engineer, Laravel

### Lago connects to your existing stack

Integrate Lago across payments providers, accounting systems, CRMs, ERPs and many other tools.

### Enterprise-grade security and privacy

Your data is protected with enterprise-grade rigor.
Deploy Lago on-prem, in a VPC or elsewhere.
Role-based access control to set user roles and permissions.
Deploy Lago seamlessly on your own infrastructure to keep full control.
[LINK: Inspect our open-source code](https://github.com/getlago/lago)
Inspect our open-source code
[LINK: Read documentation](/docs/guide/lago-self-hosted/overview)
Read documentation
View trust center

### The fine print

Customer Stories
Finn Lobsien • 2 min read
Customer Stories
Finn Lobsien • 2 min read
Customer Stories
Finn Lobsien • 3 min read
Customer Stories
Finn Lobsien • 2 min read

### Lago solves complex billing.

Get the latest news and updates — no hidden fees
By signing up, you agree to Lago ' s Privacy and Terms.
Product
Team solutions
Industry solutions
Developers
[LINK: API reference](/docs/api-reference)
[LINK: Changelog](/docs/changelog)
[LINK: Documentation](/docs)
Company
Connect
[LINK: GitHub](https://github.com/getlago/lago)
All systems normal
© 2026 Lago

--------------------