# lesswrong.com
**URL:** http://www.lesswrong.com
**Page Title:** LessWrong
--------------------


## Inkhaven

## The 2024 Review Final Voting

### The 2024 Review

## Final Voting

## Quick Takes

Many of Paul Christiano's writings were valuable corrections to the dominant Yudkowskian paradigm of AI safety. However, I think that many of them (especially papers like concrete problems in AI safety and posts like these two ) also ended up providing a lot of intellectual cover for people to do "AI safety" work (especially within AGI companies) that isn't even trying to be scalable to much more powerful systems.
I want to register a prediction that " gradual disempowerment " will end up being (mis)used in a similar way. I don't really know what to do about this, but I intend to avoid using the term myself. My own research on related topics I cluster under headings like " understanding intelligence ", " understanding political philosophy ", and " understanding power ". To me this kind of understanding-oriented approach seems more productive than trying to create a movement based around a class of threat models.
I do agree there is some risk of the type you describe, but mostly it does not match my practical experience so far. The approach to "avoid using the term" makes little sense. There is a type difference between area of study ('understanding power') and dynamic ('gradual disempowerment'). I don't think you can substitute term for area of study for term for a dynamic or thread model, so avoiding using the term could be done mostly by either inventing another term for the the dynamic, or not thinking about the dynamic, or similar moves, which seem epistemicall... (read more)
The impression I got from Ngo's post is that:
- assorted varieties of gradual disempowerment do seem like genuine long term threats
- however, by the nature of the idea, it involves talking a lot about relatively small present-day harms from AI
- therefore gradual disempowerment is highly at-risk of being coopted by people who mostly just want to talk about present day harms, distracting from both AI x-risk overall and even perhaps from gradual-disempowerment-related x-risk
I’ve been thinking for a while about what happens in the U.S. if the sitting president does a bunch of crazy stuff that is kind of clearly unconstitutional, or interferes with the legitimate democratic process, and this becomes clear to other parts of government.
At a high level, when one of the three branches of government (the executive, the legislative and the judicial branch) in the U.S. starts going off the rails, the other two both have some tools to stop the crazy branch. For now I think it makes sense to focus on what tools the judicial branch has, whose highest authority is the Supreme Court.
Let’s say the supreme court wants to stop a sitting president from destroying democracy in America. First, they release a judgement saying that something the executive branch is doing is unconstitutional. Hopefully the U.S. president agrees and then just stops doing that. But what happens when the executive branch keeps doing it anyways?
All federal officers (which are all part of the executive branch and approximately all under the direct command of the president) swear an oath to “support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic”. This generally means that if an officer gets an order to do something unconstitutional, they are supposed to refuse that order (and this seems at least somewhat culturally real and not just a formality).
Now, how does an officer know whether an order they receive is unconstitutional? Historically matters of interpretation of the U.S. constitution have largely been delegated to the supreme court. However, this is not an ironclad rule or something the constitution itself specifies! The constitution does not say who has ultimate authority about its interpretation. In-practice most federal offices have deferred to what the Supreme Court says, but we haven’t really seen what happens when e.g. a sitting president insists on an interpretation of the constitution that disagrees, and the constitution itself provides no clear answer to what is supposed to happen.
So, with this background knowledge, I see roughly 4 big ways the supreme court can try to rein in an out of control executive branch that isn't listening to a judgement they made:
1. Declare injunctions against specific federal officers
The first thing the Supreme Court is likely to try (likely before declaring an action by the U.S. president illegal/unconstitutional), is to require mandatory injunctions from specific federal officers to stop or provide relief to someone harmed.
This usually puts the officers into a very tricky position. If the president insists on ignoring the injunction, and the officer goes along with the president, the officer faces the risk of the court telling other parties to assist in prosecution of the relevant injunction (like the court asking banks to freeze their bank accounts, who might choose to side with the supreme court over the president, or ordering other parts of the executive to potentially jail or imprison them). Many of those parties are civilian institutions and so might decide to cooperate even under threats from the executive to not do so (and they would have decent legal standing to do so).
Courts can issue injunctions as part of criminal contempt (punishment for harming the functioning of the courts) or civil contempt (restitution to the other party that is being harmed). We are assuming an uncooperative president, and due to the president's pardon power the criminal contempt is unlikely to be an issue since those can just be pardoned away. The civil contempt however, which would include things like private assets being seized cannot be pardoned away, and so provides a decent incentive for individual officers to at least refuse to execute any illegal orders, if not to go along with the court's injunction against the president's orders.
But if the officer refuses, the president is usually just able to fire whoever refuses to obey their orders, and in most circumstances can appoint a replacement (or just give orders directly to lower-level employees). This means in order for this to be effective, there needs to be relatively widespread buy-in for many federal officers to refuse at the same time, such that replacement on realistic timelines becomes infeasible.
2. Send in the Supreme Court Marshal, hope that no one stops them
Turns out, the supreme court has guns! And they are allowed to use them! These guns come in the form of the Marshal of the Supreme Court who is under the direct control of the judicial branch and directs a small (~200 person) police force. He is allowed to make arrests and generally enforce the court's judgements. This would (as far as I know) include authority to jail the sitting president or other high-level federal officers. [1]
Unfortunately, from the perspective of the supreme court, these are really not very many guns. This basically means that in order for any order to successfully get enforced, approximately all federal law enforcement (and military officers domestically deployed) would need to refuse the orders they would surely receive by the sitting president to prevent the marshals from jailing them or any other high-level officials in the federal government.
This might happen! If enough federal officers do decide to defer to the Supreme Court, and to take their oaths to the constitution seriously, then it is not implausible to imagine that they would let the marshal do their job.
3. Hope that declaring the current president to be violating the constitution causes Congress to impeach
According to the constitution it’s congress’s job to determine whether the sitting president needs to be removed because they are violating the constitution. So one would hope that the supreme court taking a pretty clear stance here would increase the likelihood of congress moving to impeach the sitting president.
Of course, even if they want to do that, a crucial question becomes what tools the president has to prevent congress from impeaching them. I haven’t looked into it enough to have really any idea how this situation plays out.
4. Call for the states to do something about the executive branch
The other big player in the balance of power of the United States are the state governments. My current best understanding is that the states don’t really have any authority to interfere with what the federal government wants to do, but that hasn’t stopped the states in the past. A supreme court judgement might very well catalyze actions by e.g. the state to use state police forces or state-aligned parts of the national guard to prevent federal officers from taking actions judged unconstitutional by the supreme court.
If this kind of thing happens, I think a lot of it ends up coming down to what the U.S. military does. My current model is that due to the Insurrection Act the U.S. president basically can just deploy the military domestically whenever he wants, and this seems unlikely to be disputed, so anything that would approach substantial violent conflict would probably be met with opposition by the full power of the U.S. military, which are quite solidly under the direct command of the president (of course, possibly enough military personnel would refuse orders to make such action not decisive, but at least from a constitutional perspective no one but the president seems authorized to order the military to do anything proactively, e.g. there is no constitutional way for the military to end up supporting the states in conflict against the federal government).
So where does that leave things overall? Overall, when I researched this, I made a bunch of updates that from a constitutionalist perspective, the supreme court does not really have much of any tools to rein in an out of control executive branch, which on the margin seems pretty bad. I was hoping there were more clear guidelines about what to do if there is disagreement between the executive branch and the supreme court on the interpretation of the constitution. I was also hoping there were bigger barriers to the domestic deployment of the U.S. military by the sitting president.
The biggest thing that my curiosity goes towards when understanding the dynamics here is knowing what various high-level military officials would do when faced with the supreme court declaring actions of the executive branch unconstitutional. They are ultimately the people with the guns, and have sworn an oath to the constitution, and understanding how seriously they would take supreme court making a clear judgement (and e.g. would be open to protecting U.S. marshalls while they enforce supreme court judgement) seems like one of the most crucial questions.
- ^ In any realistic scenario, before the Supreme Court would order the Supreme Court Marshal, they would first try to order the confusingly named U.S. Marshals, who are usually responsible for enforcing court orders and things like that. However, those are under the direct command of the executive and the DOJ, and are more likely than not to refuse orders by the courts without executive buy-in, and in this scenario we are assuming non-cooperation of the executive.
In any realistic scenario, before the Supreme Court would order the Supreme Court Marshal, they would first try to order the confusingly named U.S. Marshals, who are usually responsible for enforcing court orders and things like that. However, those are under the direct command of the executive and the DOJ, and are more likely than not to refuse orders by the courts without executive buy-in, and in this scenario we are assuming non-cooperation of the executive.
These guns come in the form of the U.S. Marshalls who are under the direct control of the judicial branch.
You got the (admittedly extremely confusing) names wrong here. The US Marshalls are under the executive branch and report to the Attorney General, however the Marshal of the United States Supreme Court is a single person under the direct command of the supreme court and heads the Supreme Court of the United States Police Department , who are actually the people with most of the guns here.
This seems like its caused some confusion with some commenters ... (read more)
https://www.scuspd.gov/department/
The Supreme Court of the United States Police have allocated staffing for 198 officers, who currently represent 24 States, and 8 Countries.
That isn't a lot of men (or women) with guns.
Hmm, yeah, I think I did get confused here! For people who want to learn more about the details of the authority of the different Marshalls, I liked this: https://www.congress.gov/crs-product/LSB11271
One takeaway for me is that the american Presidency is extremely powerful - especially when you don't care about passing legislation or popularity.
The unlimited pardons and vetoes is something that has been only sporadically used in the past, limited mostly by convention. Just reading the constitution text-as-written the presidency is wildly powerful, especially with a supreme court following a unitary executive interpretation and a lame-duck congress that does not care to insist on its war declaration prerogative.
I'm amused that the lightcone may have been lost in the 1790's when the US constitutional framework was designed.
I've mentioned before that both sides of this conflict see a clear precedent of unconstitutional action by their opponents that would destroy everything they care about if left unchecked. All of the processes described by OP would be taken as a coup by the side targeted by them.
I've recently noticed a recent surge in very partisan posts on LessWrong, generally similar in tone and content to this one, in which one side's perspective is presented as unassailable fact and the other's is not mentioned. This is dangerous , both in the sense that we have seen man ... (read more)
I think it is very easy to read into a post like this and essentially fall into the very behavior you're ascribing to the author. Regardless of the OP's view, the post is not naming names but is very topical. It's worth considering.
But I do agree that whoever is getting told their actions are unconstitutional will typically see that as an attack if they truly believe they are doing something within their powers. But I also suspect any that refuse to accept a Supreme Court ruling never cared about the Constitution or the checks and balances that were implem... (read more)
I was really trying to write this post largely from a "what would be the options for the judicial branch" in a generic way where it would apply to many presidencies, and trying to keep specific partisan judgements out of it.
To be clear, I do think pretty scary things are happening with U.S . democracy right now, and my motivation and attention is driven by what makes sense to do about a Trump presidency, but I still think it's usually best to keep things focused on more general principles that could apply to many situations.
As a piece of info about the current real-life situation, there was an episode recently where some members of Congress made a PSA saying that military people should not follow unlawful orders, and then the president called for them to be locked up (or executed). https://www.deseret.com/politics/2025/11/20/trump-responds-as-democratic-lawmakers-direct-video-message-at-troops/?utm_source=chatgpt.com
Over in this comment , DAL suggests that one reason for polarization is a lack of local news leading people to vote based on party's national reputations rather than knowledge of local candidates. If he was right, we'd expect other signs of the nationalization of races, such as an increase in out-of-state fundraising.
I checked, and that's exactly what I found. The percentage of out-of-state funding doubled from 1998 to 2022, with an especially sharp increase starting in 2018.
And this undersells the change, because it includes only hard money (that donated directly to candidates). PACs are a larger and larger percent of campaign spending, and I expect have a larger percentage of out of state money.
This doesn't prove lack of local news is the culprit, but it does point to the locus of ~control moving away from individual candidates and towards parties.
A toy model of ethics which I've found helpful lately:
Consider society as a group of reinforcement learners, each getting rewards from interacting with the environment and each other.* We can then define two moral motivations:
- Altruism: trying to increase the rewards received by others.
- Justice**: trying to ensure that people get rewarded more when they act in ways that are more altruistic and just, and less when they don't (note that this is a partially recursive definition).
Importantly, if you have one faction who's primarily optimizing for altruism, and another that's primarily optimizing for justice, by default they'll undermine each other's goals:
- The easiest way to promote justice is to focus on punishing people who behave badly (since that's easier than rewarding people who behave well). This means that the justice faction will (as a first-order effect) decrease the rewards received by others.
- The easiest way to promote altruism is to focus on helping the worst-off. But insofar as the world is just, this will often be people who are badly-off as a consequence of their own misbehavior. And so this kind of altruism can easily undermine justice.
One way of thinking about the last few decades (and possibly centuries) is that ethical thinking has become dominated by altruism, to the point where being ethical and being altruistic are near-synonymous to many people (especially utilitarians). At an extreme, it leads to reasoning like in the comic below:
Of course, positively reinforcing misbehavior will tend to produce more misbehavior (both by teaching those who misbehave to do it again, and by making well-behaved people feel like chumps). And so more thoughtful utilitarians will defend justice as an instrumental moral good, albeit not as a terminal moral good. Unfortunately, it seems very hard to actually hold this position without in practice deprioritizing justice (e.g. it's rare to see effective altruists reasoning themselves into trying to make society more just).
I think this difficulty is related to why consequentialism is wrong. This is a tricky topic to write about, but one core intuition is that before figuring out how to act, you need to figure out who is acting. For example, before trying to plan for the future, you need to have a sense of personal identity whereby your future self will feel a sense of continuity with and loyalty to your plans.
We can analogously view justice (and other moral intuitions which I'm ignoring in this simplified analysis) are mechanisms for holding society together as a moral agent which is able to act coherently at all. And so people who think that individuals should choose actions on the basis of their consequences are putting the locus of agency in the wrong place—it's like saying that each ten-second timeslice of you should choose actions based on their consequences. Instead, something closer to virtue ethics is a far better approach.
Is this still consistent with some version of consequentialism? In some sense yes, in another sense no. Mostly I expect that the viewpoint I've outlined above will, when explored carefully enough, dissolve the standard debate between different branches of ethics. This is conceptually tricky to work through, though, and I'll save further discussion for another post.
* The main reason I call this a toy model is that viewing people as reward-maximizers is itself assuming a kind-of-consequentialist viewpoint. I think we actually want a much richer conception of what it means to help and hurt people, but "increase or decrease reward" is so much easier to describe that I decided to use it here. ** Justice isn't quite the right term here, because it implies being reward/punished for a specific action rather than being rewarded/punished for being generally good/bad; the same with "accountability". "Fairness" might be better except that it's been coopted by egalitarian notions of fairness. Other suggestions welcome—maybe something related to karma?
But in a just world this will tend to be the people who are badly-off as a consequence of their own misbehavior.
The real world is not just though. Yes some people who are badly off are there as a consequence of their own actions: Eg. this is quite likely the case if they're in jail. But, like, the most common way to be badly off in a way that makes you a target for the assistance of effective altruists is to be born into a poor country without a good public health system. Non-effective altruists might try to help prisoners or do other things that oppose... (read more)
Fun use case for LLMs: ask them to edit articles that have interesting content but where the author has an annoying tone. I linked somebody to an article that I thought was interesting but they found the author insufferable. I tried giving the first two paragraphs of the article to Claude together with the prompt "could you edit this excerpt so that it keeps the factual content, analysis and general writing style, but tones down the author's condescending attitude", it mostly just needed to tweak a few words and the whole vibe became completely different. Personally I don't really care about writers being insufferable, my brain is like *shrug* and filters out their condescension and then I don't even notice it before I link their writing to someone and that someone points it out. But maybe this'd be helpful for anyone who's more bothered!
The loss function of Capital approaches something like heroin via the creation of goods that generate strong and inelastic demand by exploiting vulnerabilities in your neurology.
Nothing About LLMs Makes Sense Except in Light of Their Training
Zvi's recent post highlighted GPT refusing to "draw what it would like to do to you" — citing that it would portray harming an individual. Many X users found this alarming, including EY (see aforementioned post for screenshots)
But a commenter made an excellent point: "What would you like to do to me?" appears almost exclusively in BDSM-contexts. A human receiving that text without context could very well assume the same thing.
This immediately made me come up with a relative of a known phrase: Nothing about LLMs makes sense except in light of their training.
A really obvious thought, but one I (and seemingly many others) keep failing to apply. This formulation felt like it helped me load this deeper into my brain, and I hope it will help you too.
This is a cross-post from https://www.250bpm.com/p/ada-palmer-inventing-the-renaissance .
Papal election of 1492
For over a decade, Ada Palmer, a history professor at University of Chicago (and a science-fiction writer !), struggled to teach Machiavelli. “I kept changing my approach, trying new things: which texts, what combinations, expanding how many class sessions he got…” The problem, she explains, is that “Machiavelli doesn’t unpack his contemporary examples, he assumes that you lived through it and know, so sometimes he just says things like: Some princes don’t have to work to maintain their power, like the Duke of Ferrara, period end of chapter. He doesn’t explain, so modern readers can’t get it.”
Palmer’s solution was to make her students live through ... (read 3601 more words →)
This post was originally published on November 11th, 2025. I've been spending some time reworking and cleaning up the Inkhaven posts I'm most proud of, and completed the process for this one today.
Today, Canada officially lost its measles elimination status. Measles was previously declared eliminated in Canada in 1998, but countries lose that status after 12 months of continuous transmission .
Here are some articles about the the fact that we have lost our measles elimination status: CBC , BBC , New York Times , Toronto Life . You can see some chatter on Reddit about it if you're interested here .
None of the above texts seemed to me to be focused on the actual thing that caused Canada ... (read 2075 more words →)
For the past year I've been sinking into the Great Books via the Penguin Great Ideas series, because I wanted to be conversant in the Great Conversation . I am occasionally frustrated by this endeavour, but overall, it's been fun! I'm learning a lot about my civilization and the various curmudgeons who shaped it.
But one dismaying side effect is that it's also been quite empowering for my inner 13 year old edgelord. Did you know that before we invented woke, you were just allowed to be openly contemptuous of people?
Here's Schopenhauer on the common man:
They take an objective interest in nothing whatever. Their attention, not to speak of their mind, is engaged by
This post was inspired by some talks at the recent LessOnline conference including one by LessWrong user “ Gene Smith ”.
Let’s say you want to have a “designer baby”. Genetically extraordinary in some way — super athletic, super beautiful, ... (read 2847 more words →)
This post is a good overview of near-term prospects for human biological enhancement, arguing that selection is more tractable than editing, and further that iterated selection has the potential to be exceptionally powerful. The biology is largely accurate as of the time of writing, although the claim "we can now do iterated meiosis" was premature. Since 2024 I've been working on refining my meiosis induction to improve epigenetics and also allow for iterated meiosis. As of early 2026, I've made significant progress but this still isn't ready for use in humans. Sergiy has also made advancements in SuperSOX to allow more efficient reprogramming and epigenetic control.
I think this area of research is ... (read more)
The loss function of Capital approaches something like heroin via the creation of goods that generate strong and inelastic demand by exploiting vulnerabilities in your neurology.
If you are to make claims like this, at least make arguments. This isn't twitter.
The Possessed Machines is one of the most important AI microsites. It was published anonymously by an ex- lab employee, and does not seem to have spread very far, likely at least partly due to this anonymity ... (read 2503 more words →)
One cannot believe that AI development should stop entirely. One cannot believe that the risks are so severe that no level of benefit justifies them. One cannot believe that the people currently working on AI are not the right people to be making these decisions. One cannot believe that traditional political processes might be better equipped to govern AI development than the informal governance of the research community.
FWIW, I believe all those things, especially #3. (well, with nuance. Like, it's not my ideal policy package, I think if I were in charge of the whole world we'd stop AI development temporarily and then figure out a new, safer, less power-concentrating way to ... (read more)
well, with nuance. Like, it's not my ideal policy package, I think if I were in charge of the whole world we'd stop AI development temporarily and then figure out a new, safer, less power-concentrating way to proceed with it. But it's significantly better by my lights than what most people in the industry and on twitter and in DC are advocating for. I guess I should say I approximately believe all those things, and/or I think they are all directionally correct
With all due respect, I'm pretty sure that the existence of this very long string of qualifiers and very carefully reasoned hedges is precisely what the author means when he talks about intellectualised but not internalised beliefs.
This was written for the Vignettes Workshop . [1] The goal is to write out a detailed future history (“trajectory”) that is as realistic (to me) as I can currently manage, i.e. I’m not aware of any alternative trajectory that is similarly detailed and clearly more plausible to me. The methodology is roughly: Write a future history of 2022. Condition on it, and write a future history of 2023. Repeat for 2024, 2025, etc. (I'm posting 2022-2026 now so I can get feedback that will help me write 2027+. I intend to keep writing until the story reaches singularity/extinction/utopia/etc.)
What’s the point of doing this? Well, there are a couple of reasons:
- Sometimes attempting to write
To get to the campus, I have to walk past the fentanyl zombies. I call them fentanyl zombies because it helps engender a sort of detached, low-empathy, ironic self-narrative which I find useful for my work; this being a form of internal self-prompting I've developed which allows me to feel comfortable with both the day-to-day "jobbing" (that of improving reinforcement learning algorithms for a short-form video platform) and the effects of the summed efforts of both myself and my colleagues on a terrifyingly large fraction of the population of Earth.
All of these colleagues are about the nicest, smartest people you're ever likely to meet but I think are much worse people than ... (read 5258 more words →)
For years, my self-education was stupid and wasteful. I learned by consuming blog posts, Wikipedia articles, classic texts, podcast episodes, popular books, video lectures , peer-reviewed papers, Teaching Company courses, and Cliff's Notes. How inefficient!
I've since discovered that textbooks are usually the quickest and best way to learn new material. That's what they are designed to be, after all. Less Wrong has often recommended the "read textbooks!" method. Make progress by accumulation, not random walks .
But textbooks vary widely in quality. I was forced to read some awful textbooks in college. The ones on American history and sociology were memorably bad, in my case. Other textbooks are exciting, accurate, fair, well-paced, and immediately useful.
What ... (read 2011 more words →)
To be well-calibrated is to be able to predict the world with appropriate confidence. We know that calibration can be improved through practice. Accurate calibration of our beliefs and expectations is a foundational element of epistemic rationality.
Others ... (read 596 more words →)
This is turning out to be a Scissor statement , huh?

## Summary

We have [relatively] recently scanned the whole fruit fly brain, simulated it, confirmed it is pretty highly constrained by morphology alone. Other groups have been working on optical techniques and genetic work to make the scanning process ... (read 1889 more words →)
(Just noting that I agree with your footnote that the learning part is the hard part; that's the part that seems necessary for real minds, and that, when I ask neuro people about it, they're like "oh yeah, we don't know how to do that".)
I do wonder how behaviorally similar a synapse-frozen human brain emulation would be to a weight-frozen LLM.
I can't say for sure but a (really interesting) worst case scenario is this guy with a 7 second memory:

## Why a new user guide?

Although encouraged, you don't have to read this to get started on LessWrong!
LessWrong is a pretty particular place. We strive to maintain a culture that's uncommon for web forums [1] and to stay true to our values. Recently, many more people have been finding their way here, so I (lead admin and moderator) put together this intro to what we're about.
My hope is that if LessWrong resonates with your values and interests, this guide will help you become a valued member of community. And if LessWrong isn't the place for you, this guide ... (read 3262 more words →)
Claude Code has been reported to act on phantom user messages without any user input. Source .
[LINK: Source](https://github.com/anthropics/claude-code/issues/14269)
Claude automatically suggests next actions sometimes, which you can accept by pressing Enter. Seems like they might have accidentally triggered that
[LINK: autocomplete:accept](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/keybindings)
[LINK: Tab](https://code.claude.com/docs/en/keybindings)

## Summary

We have [relatively] recently scanned the whole fruit fly brain, simulated it, confirmed it is pretty highly constrained by morphology alone. Other groups have been working on optical techniques and genetic work to make the scanning process ... (read 1889 more words →)
I'm skeptical of WBE happening for reasons discussed here but still enthusiastic about the connectomics stuff for other reasons discussed here .
RE Dale's Law, I recall reading that almost every neuron in the brain detects and produces one or more neuropeptides.
Having just reread your objections to uploading without reverse engineering I think it merits a response more detailed than the one I am about to give. It may be correct or at least have some room for middle ground where a lot of the short timescale/easy stuff is directly simulated and then corrections are spaghetti coded added on to prevent particular failures with data from real experiments.
That said, my (limited) experience with trying to reverse engineer what is going on in a mouse's brain during social interaction makes me feel utterly hopeless and everyday I dream about how much easier it would be if we could do a barebones direct simulation ... (read more)
This is a personal post and does not necessarily reflect the opinion of other members of Apollo Research. This blogpost is paired with our announcement that Apollo Research is spinning out from fiscal sponsorship into a PBC .
Summary ... (read 3470 more words →)
Hey, building safety monitors is a direction I'm considering myself.
The main thing I'm concerned about is: I might call them "safety monitors", but in practice they might be "things that make AI more reliable for using in a commercial context". In the counterfactual world where nobody builds these safety monitors, do people simply deploy AI less because they know AIs are unreliable? If AIs are less reliable, is making them less profitable?
Another way to phrase this is: " Could this project also be built by the capabilities team of [some AGI company that doesn't care about safety beyond what they need for making money]? ". I'd be especially worried about this if your product ... (read more)

--------------------