# Lex
**URL:** https://lex.page
**Page Title:** Lex
--------------------


## W r i t e s o m e t h i n g g r e a t t o d a y .

Collaborative documents, with powerful AI editing tools.
[LINK: Request a demo](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdFWjoPIh8juZQ3cs4lwkFmbcxB1JxlTs07St0BxwBmGxow3A/viewform)
Loved by over 300,000 founders
“ Lex is my Google Docs replacement… but better. The minimalist interface allows me to focus, and the AI capabilities serve as the real-time editor that helps me iterate more quickly and efficiently on my drafts.”
—Amanda Natividad, VP Marketing at SparkToro

## A premium writing experience.

From quick notes to complex documents, Lex nails the details.

### AI Feedback

Ask the AI for feedback on your draft, brainstorm ideas, or re-write anything.

### Comments

Exactly what you'd expect, but more polished. Navigate with keyboard shortcuts.

### Versions

If you want to try a different way of saying it without losing what you've got.

### Mobile Web

Share a link with anyone and they can collaborate with you, no app download required.

### Live Collaboration

Share a link, login with one click, and instantly you can see what each other are typing.

### Publishing

Send a "read-only" link for people to read what you've written.

### Commands

Handy AI shortcuts to find the best word, generate a list of ideas and more.

### Title Ideas

With one click, get a list of good title ideas from the AI.

### Track Changes Coming soon

Just like you'd expect from Google Docs, but with a few tricks up our sleeve.

## Loved by 300K+ writers

## Ready to get started?

[LINK: Request a demo](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdFWjoPIh8juZQ3cs4lwkFmbcxB1JxlTs07St0BxwBmGxow3A/viewform)
Questions? Say hi at hello@lex.page or learn more about Lex.
Term of Service / Privacy Policy
© 2026 Lex, Inc

--------------------