# [link]
**URL:** https://www.acfr.usyd.edu.au/papers/SydneyUrbanObjectsDataset.shtml
**Page Title:** Sydney Urban Objects Dataset - ACFR - The University of Sydney
--------------------


## The University of Sydney - Australian Centre for Field Robotics

- University Home
- Engineering
- Aeromech
- /index.shtml">Australian Centre for Field Robotics
- /about/contact.shtml">Contacts
- About us Objectives and outcomes Management structure People/staff Contacting us Working with us Visiting us
- Objectives and outcomes
- Management structure
- People/staff
- Contacting us
- Working with us
- Visiting us
- Our Research Our Groups and Labs Our Partners and Centres
- Our Groups and Labs
- Our Partners and Centres
- Working with industry How we can help Contacting us
- How we can help
- Contacting us
- Education Postgraduate students Masters and PhD Thesis Topics Scholarships Undergraduate teaching
- Postgraduate students
- Masters and PhD Thesis Topics
- Scholarships
- Undergraduate teaching
- Publications
- Events/news
- Contact Us
- Working with us
- For staff AMME For staff ACFR management system ACFR People/staff
- AMME For staff
- ACFR management system
- ACFR People/staff

## Sydney Urban Objects Dataset

(formerly objects4) Collected by Alastair Quadros, James Underwood, Bertrand Douillard; 2013
This dataset contains a variety of common urban road objects scanned with a Velodyne HDL-64E LIDAR, collected in the CBD of Sydney, Australia.  There are 631 individual scans of objects across classes of vehicles, pedestrians, signs and trees. It was collected in order to test matching and classification algorithms.  It aims to provide non-ideal sensing conditions that are representative of practical urban sensing systems, with a large variability in viewpoint and occlusion. This dataset is used in the following publications: M. De Deuge, A. Quadros, C. Hung, B. Douillard. Unsupervised Feature Learning for Classification of Outdoor 3D Scans. In Australasian Conference on Robotics and Automation (ACRA), 2013. A. Quadros. Representing 3D Shape in Sparse Range Images for Urban Object Classification. PhD thesis, The University of Sydney, 2013.

## Download

## Software

The ACFR has developed two open-source libraries you may find useful. - comma ( https://github.com/acfr/comma/wiki ), for processing binary-csv data. - snark ( https://github.com/acfr/snark/wiki ), for visualising point clouds, and converting from raw velodyne data format.
[LINK: https://github.com/acfr/comma/wiki](https://github.com/acfr/comma/wiki)
[LINK: https://github.com/acfr/snark/wiki](https://github.com/acfr/snark/wiki)

## Reading the data

Each object is available in 3 formats.  The simplest to read is ascii csv format (objects/*.csv).  A more compact and faster-to-process format is binary csv (objects/*.bin).  These both have the same fields, described in the *.meta files, which are all as follows:
An example python script for loading the binary data is given in read-bin.py. You can also convert binary csv to ascii csv format using 'comma', in a \*nix terminal (or cygwin for Windows users): cat objects/excavator.0.10974.bin | \ csv-from-bin "t,ub,ub,f,f,f,f,f,i" > excavator.0.10974.csv With 'snark', you can display the points: cat objects/excavator.0.10974.bin | \ view-points –binary "t,ub,ub,f,f,f,f,f,i" –fields t,,,x,y,z

## Scans

In addition to the individual objects, the full 360deg scans are also provided, as the original velodyne data packets.  Each object is named by: [class].[instance].[scan] For example, the segmented excavator is in 'objects/excavator.0.10974.bin', and the full 360deg scan that contains the excavator is in 'scans/scan.10974.bin'. The field 'pid' indicates which points in the full scan are from the excavator. The 'full scan' data are stored in the raw Velodyne format (8 byte timestamp in microseconds + 1206 byte packet, see the Velodyne manual ( http://www.velodynelidar.com/ ).  You can read this data using snark's 'velodyne-to-csv' application.  The calibration parameters for our Velodyne are in the file: db.xml.

## Classes

Only the most populous classes were used for testing classification algorithms. A set of 588 objects was selected from the full 631, split evenly into 4 folds. See 'folds/folds*.txt' for the objects in each fold. Folds were selected to ensure no object appeared in two folds (some objects appear more than once in the dataset, scanned from different positions). This set still contains many challenging instances of highly occluded objects.
© 2002-2026 The University of Sydney. Last Updated: 04-Nov-2013
ABN: 15 211 513 464. CRICOS Number: 00026A. Phone: +61 2 9351 2222.
Authorised by: Director, Australian Centre for Field Robotics.
Contact the University | Disclaimer | Privacy | Accessibility

--------------------