# 🔗 Link
**URL:** https://budibase.com
**Page Title:** Budibase | Build internal tools in minutes, the easy way
--------------------


## Save weeks building internal tools and automating workflows

Budibase is an open-source workflow platform that saves engineers time and energy building apps that integrate with any data source and speed-up any process.
Trusted by over 200,000 teams

## One platform. Many solutions.

Create powerful apps and workflows from any datasource and securely deploy professional-grade solutions across your teams.

### Management Apps

From ticketing systems to inventory management, build powerful apps you're proud of.

### Portals

Design a custom experience your clients/suppliers/partners will enjoy using.

### Approval flows

From holiday requests to work assignment, create approval flows unique to your business.

### Forms

Build powerful forms that securely store data within your own database.

### Admin panels

From password resets to client refunds, deliver admin panels that integrate seamlessly.

## Apps made easier. Workflows made faster.

Budibase is everything you need to deliver apps and workflows in minutes - coding optional!

## Connect any datasource, or start from scratch

Connect to an external database, pull data from a Rest API, import a CSV, or start from scratch with Budibase's built-in database.

## Turn your data into an app with 1 click

Generate powerful apps, forms, and workflows from your data in just a few seconds. No coding required!

## Design apps people enjoy using

With over 40 pre-built components and templates, Budibase makes it easy to build workflow apps that look beautiful and work perfectly across mobile, tablet, and desktop.

### Make work flow with automations

With just a few clicks, automate manual processes and streamline operations within your app and business.

## Scale with confidence

Whether you’re automating workflows, removing data silos, or cutting costs — Budibase works for you.

### Open-source and self-hosting

Budibase is open-source, and you can self-host via Docker or
Kubernetes or let Budibase manage everything for you.

### Enterprise-grade security

Budibase is ISO 27001 certified and fully committed to ongoing
compliance.

### Built to scale

Custom RBAC, SSO, SAML, backups, audit logs, and additional
features allow you to scale with confidence.

### Workflows made faster, together

The entire IT dept, from the engineers to technical support, can
build apps and automate workflows together.

### Public API

The Public API enables you to use Budibase as a backend, extend your
apps, and benefit from inter-operability.

### Completely flexible

Extend with JavaScript, power-up with plugins, embed apps
externally, connect any datasource, and host anywhere.

## Time is money. Save both.

Established governments to industry leaders use Budibase to transform
workflows and build faster businesses.
Proud to be

### Open source

Budibase is open source, allowing you to transform operations within
the security of your own infrastructure.

### $3m in annual savings

Reworld expect to make $3m in annual savings by reducing data
entry

### Scale to 100,000 users

The Bulgarian Gov created an app in 4 days and scaled it to
100,000+ users.

### Speed up dev by 90%

With Budibase, Schnellecke are now 90% faster at building internal
tools
Budibase helps you create apps faster which devs love because their
internal tickets disappear.
Shawn (@swyx)

## Build the tools you need with the tools you love

## Join 200,000 teams building apps and making work flow.


--------------------