# [link]
**URL:** http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_object.php
**Page Title:** The KITTI Vision Benchmark Suite
--------------------


## The KITTI Vision Benchmark Suite

## A project of Karlsruhe Institute of Technology and Toyota Technological Institute at Chicago

- home
- setup
- stereo Stereo 2012 Stereo 2015
- Stereo 2012
- Stereo 2015
- flow Flow 2012 Flow 2015
- Flow 2012
- Flow 2015
- sceneflow
- depth Depth Completion Depth Prediction
- Depth Completion
- Depth Prediction
- odometry
- object 2d object 3d object bird's eye view
- 2d object
- 3d object
- bird's eye view
- tracking multi-object tracking multi-object tracking and segmentation segmenting and tracking every pixel
- multi-object tracking
- multi-object tracking and segmentation
- segmenting and tracking every pixel
- road
- semantics pixel-level instance-level
- pixel-level
- instance-level
- raw data
- submit results

## Object Detection Evaluation 2012

The object detection and object orientation estimation benchmark consists of 7481 training images and 7518 test images, comprising a total of 80.256 labeled objects. All images are color and saved as png. For evaluation, we compute precision-recall curves for object detection and orientation-similarity-recall curves for joint object detection and orientation estimation. In the latter case not only the object 2D bounding box has to be located correctly, but also the orientation estimate in bird's eye view is evaluated. To rank the methods we compute average precision and average orientation similiarity. We require that all methods use the same parameter set for all test pairs. Our development kit provides details about the data format as well as MATLAB / C++ utility functions for reading and writing the label files.
- Download left color images of object data set (12 GB)
- Download right color images, if you want to use stereo information (12 GB)
- Download the 3 temporally preceding frames (left color) (36 GB)
- Download the 3 temporally preceding frames (right color) (36 GB)
- Download Velodyne point clouds, if you want to use laser information (29 GB)
- Download camera calibration matrices of object data set (16 MB)
- Download training labels of object data set (5 MB)
- Download object development kit (1 MB) (including 3D object detection and bird's eye view evaluation code)
- Download pre-trained LSVM baseline models (5 MB) used in Joint 3D Estimation of Objects and Scene Layout (NIPS 2011) . These models are referred to as LSVM-MDPM-sv (supervised version) and LSVM-MDPM-us (unsupervised version) in the tables below.
- Download reference detections (L-SVM) for training and test set (800 MB)
- Qianli Liao (NYU) has put together code to convert from KITTI to PASCAL VOC file format (documentation included, requires Emacs).
- Karl Rosaen (U.Mich) has released code to convert between KITTI, KITTI tracking, Pascal VOC, Udacity, CrowdAI and AUTTI formats.
[LINK: code to convert between KITTI, KITTI tracking, Pascal VOC, Udacity, CrowdAI and AUTTI](https://github.com/umautobots/vod-converter)
We evaluate object detection performance using the PASCAL criteria and object detection and orientation estimation performance using the measure discussed in our CVPR 2012 publication . For cars we require an overlap of 70% , while for pedestrians and cyclists we require an overlap of 50% for a detection. Detections in don't care areas or detections which are smaller than the minimum size do not count as false positive. Difficulties are defined as follows:
- Easy: Min. bounding box height: 40 Px, Max. occlusion level: Fully visible, Max. truncation: 15 %
- Moderate: Min. bounding box height: 25 Px, Max. occlusion level: Partly occluded, Max. truncation: 30 %
- Hard: Min. bounding box height: 25 Px, Max. occlusion level: Difficult to see, Max. truncation: 50 %
All methods are ranked based on the moderately difficult results. Note that for the hard evaluation ~2 % of the provided bounding boxes have not been recognized by humans, thereby upper bounding recall at 98 %. Hence, the hard evaluation is only given for reference. Note 1: On 25.04.2017, we have fixed a bug in the object detection evaluation script. As of now, the submitted detections are filtered based on the min. bounding box height for the respective category which we have been done before only for the ground truth detections, thus leading to false positives for the category "Easy" when bounding boxes of height 25-39 Px were submitted (and to false positives for all categories if bounding boxes smaller than 25 Px were submitted). We like to thank Amy Wu, Matt Wilder, Pekka Jänis and Philippe Vandermersch for their feedback. The last leaderboards right before the changes can be found here !
[LINK: Disentangling Monocular 3D Object Detection](https://research.mapillary.com/img/publications/MonoDIS.pdf)
- Stereo: Method uses left and right (stereo) images
- Flow: Method uses optical flow (2 temporally adjacent images)
- Multiview: Method uses more than 2 temporally adjacent images
- Laser Points: Method uses point clouds from Velodyne laser scanner
- Additional training data: Use of additional data sources for training (see details)

## Car

## Pedestrian

## Cyclist

## Object Detection and Orientation Estimation Evaluation

## Cars

## Pedestrians

## Cyclists

## Related Datasets

- CERV Vehicle Lights Dataset : Annotations of vehicle lights for a subset of the object detection benchmark.
- PASCAL3D+ : Augments 12 rigid object classes of PASCAL VOC 2012 with 3D annotations.
- The PASCAL Visual Object Classes Challenges : Dataset and benchmarks for object class recognition.
- TME Motorway Dataset : 28 video sequences with vehicle annotations captured from VisLab's BRAiVE vehicle.
- LabelMe : Online annotation tool to build image databases for computer vision research.
- MIT Street Scenes : Street-side images with labels for 9 object categories (including cars, pedestrians, buildings, trees).
- Daimler Pedestrian Datasets : Datasets focusing on pedestrian detection for autonomous driving.
- Caltech Pedestrian Detection Benchmark : 10 hours of video with 350.000 annotated pedestrian bounding boxes.
- Robust Multi-Person Tracking from Mobile Platforms : Videos with annotated pedestrians captured from a stroller.

## Citation

When using this dataset in your research, we will be happy if you cite us: @inproceedings{ Geiger2012CVPR , author = { Andreas Geiger and Philip Lenz and Raquel Urtasun }, title = {Are we ready for Autonomous Driving? The KITTI Vision Benchmark Suite}, booktitle = {Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern	Recognition (CVPR)}, year = {2012} }
© 2026 | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Imprint | csstemplates

--------------------