# 🔗 Link
**URL:** https://clarivate.com/webofsciencegroup/solutions/web-of-science-research-assistant
**Page Title:** Page not found | Clarivate
--------------------

Find logins to all Clarivate products below.
- BioWorld
- BioWorld Medtech
- BioWorld Science
- Brand Landscape Analyzer
- Clarivate portal for patent foreign filings
- Cortellis
- Cortellis CMC Intelligence
- Cortellis Drug Discovery Intelligence
- Cortellis Product Intelligence
- CPA Direct
- CPA Global customer community
- CPA Global Workbench
- Darts-ip
- Derwent Innovation
- Dialog
- DRG
- EndNote
- Envoy Portal for IP renewals
- Epidemiology Intelligence
- Essential Science Indicators
- Healthbase
- Healthcare Business Insights (HBI)
- InCites
- Innography
- Inprotech Law Update Service Portal
- IP Management System
- ipan Portal
- Ipendo
- IPfolio
- IPR Control for Patrafee customers
- Journal Citation Reports
- Key Pathway Advisor
- Learning Platform E-Commerce
- Learning Platform – Members Login
- Market Access Intelligence
- Master Journal List
- Memotech Law Update Service Portal
- MetaCore
- OFF-X
- Patrafee Helpdesk
- RiskMark
- SERION
- The IP Platform
- Trademark Watch Analyzer
- Web of Science

## Sorry, the page you’re looking for can't be found.

Please be advised that recently there have been fraudulent job offers and interviews using the
                    Clarivate name, logo and even names of our colleagues.
Please be aware that Clarivate will:
- Never ask for payment of any kind as part of our hiring or onboarding processes
- Never ask an applicant to email sensitive personal information, such as a Social Security
                        Number, birthdate, credit card or bank account information
- Never issue pre-employment checks to purchase office supplies
- Never ask you to pay up for an external course and upskill
If you have any question about a position posted in our company name, please check our current open
                    positions on the Clarivate website Careers pages or contact one of our recruiting team members
                    directly.
If you have been the victim of a scam, please contact your local law enforcement agency.
This link leads to the machine-readable files that are made available in response to the federal
                    Transparency in Coverage Rule and includes
                    negotiated service rates and out-of-network allowed amounts between health plans and healthcare
                    providers. The machine-readable files are
                    formatted to allow researchers, regulators, and application developers to more easily access and
                    analyze data.

## Cookie Preference Center

## Cookie Preference Center

- Your preferences

### Your preferences

- Strictly Necessary Cookies

### Strictly Necessary Cookies

- Performance Cookies

### Performance Cookies

- Functional Cookies

### Functional Cookies

- Targeting Cookies

### Targeting Cookies

As described in our Corporate Privacy Notice and Cookie Policy , we use cookies (including pixels or other similar technologies) on our websites, mobile applications and related products  (the “services”).  The types of cookies we use are described below.​
These are cookies necessary for the services to function and are always active. They are usually only set in response to actions made by the user which amount to a request for services, such as setting privacy preferences, logging in, or filling in forms. ​
These cookies count visits and traffic sources in order to measure and improve the performance of the services. They help identify which pages or functions within the services are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around our services.​
These cookies enable the services to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers we use to provide the services. If you do not allow these cookies to run, then the services may not function properly.​
These cookies may be set through the services by our advertising partners to learn about your interests and present you with relevant advertisements on other sites.  These advertising partners may be able to identify you based on your device or other online activity.​

### Cookie List


--------------------