# Literature & Latte
**URL:** https://www.literatureandlatte.com
**Page Title:** Home - Literature & Latte
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Paddle 1 Learn more about this provider paddle_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fd.cleantalk.org 10 bot_detector_browser_supports_cookies Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_event_token This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_has_scrolled This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_headless This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_page_hits This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_pointer_data This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_referrer This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_referrer_previous This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_screen_info This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_user_agent This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage paddle.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.literatureandlatte.com 10 apbct_headless Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage apbct_outside_functional_protected_tags__DIV Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage apbct_outside_functional_protected_tags__IFRAME Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_checkjs Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_fkp_timestamp Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_pointer_data Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_ps_timestamp Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_screen_info Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_timezone Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Paddle 1 Learn more about this provider paddle_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- fd.cleantalk.org 10 bot_detector_browser_supports_cookies Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_event_token This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_has_scrolled This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_headless This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_page_hits This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_pointer_data This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_referrer This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_referrer_previous This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_screen_info This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_user_agent This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- paddle.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.literatureandlatte.com 10 apbct_headless Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage apbct_outside_functional_protected_tags__DIV Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage apbct_outside_functional_protected_tags__IFRAME Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_checkjs Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_fkp_timestamp Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_pointer_data Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_ps_timestamp Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_screen_info Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_timezone Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 17 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- YouTube 17 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. fd.cleantalk.org 6 bot_detector_cron_storage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_f_hash Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_list_keys_pressed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_scrolling_additional Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_webgl_support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_bot_detector_form_exclusion Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- fd.cleantalk.org 6 bot_detector_cron_storage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_f_hash Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_list_keys_pressed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_scrolling_additional Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bot_detector_webgl_support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ct_bot_detector_form_exclusion Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user’s experience more efficient.
- The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
- This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
- You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website.
- Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy .

## Scrivener

Typewriter. Ring-binder. Scrapbook. Scrivener combines everything you need to craft your first draft, from nascent notion to final full stop.
EXPLORE SCRIVENER

## Scapple

Get your thoughts, musings and 3am brainwaves onto the page. Then join them up in whatever way you like.
EXPLORE SCAPPLE

## The home for writers

From plotting and planning to penning and publishing, we help all kinds of writers start writing and keep writing.
MORE ABOUT US

## Literature & Latte

We love writing. That’s why we’re here. Literature & Latte was born out of a desire for tools that embrace the creativity of all forms of composition. We make software we love to use— Scrivener , hugely popular among authors of all stripes, and Scapple , crafted for freeform note-taking.
MORE ABOUT US

## Free Webinars

Book a free ‘how to’ webinar tailored to the needs of your writer group, organisation or college peers, or sign up for this month’s webinar series showcasing how Scrivener’s tools can help make aspects of writing easier.
FIND OUT MORE

### How to Use Blank Styles in Scrivener for Revision

You can use blank styles to mark text in your project that you want to go back to and revise.

### 5 Ways to Record Notes in Your Scrivener Project

Scrivener has some great tools for recording notes for your projects.

### Our community…

Drag a snapshot from the Inspector to an editor header bar to view it in the main window.
You can use blank styles to mark text in your project that you want to go back to and revise.

## Keep up to date

Sign up for the latest news, writing tips and product announcements. Delivered straight to your inbox.
Notifications

--------------------