# Live 3D
**URL:** https://live3d.io
**Page Title:** Live3D - #1 VTuber Software Suite
--------------------

1. Fast, high quality face tracking 2. Rich public 3D VTuber avatars 3. Creative VTuber interactive effects 4. Obs virtual camera for streaming 5. High resolution, high vtuber live streaming quality 6. Smooth hand tracking via webcam or other device, leap motion, etc 7. Twitch Extension that enhances your stream interaction Read more about virtual avatar in VTuber Maker >>
1. Loading your own VRM models, VTuber backgrounds. 2. Get your custom VTuber avatars& animations. 3. Edit your VRM models by adding props, paints, backgrounds 4. Customize 3D animations, avatar emotes, sticker effects, dance moves etc 5. Rich VTuber assets(backgrounds,overlays,paints,etc) 6. All you need to be a professional VTuber creator Read more about Customizable in VTuber Editor >>
1. Rich anime poses, such as jojo pose, hero pose 2. Strike a pose with your own VTuber avatars or VRM models 3. Professional Pose Edit to make pose easy 4. Using it as cute Anime Pose Reference Drawing, VTuber poses, anime posters or illustrations Read more about VRM Pose in VTuber Gallery : Anime Pose >>
1. Customize Creative Virtual Effects 2. Change stream sticker for VTuber 3. Play VTuber Flows & emotes in Stream 4. Drive Engagement and Earn Bits Read more about VTuber Twitch Extension >>

### VMotion

Transform your videos with VMotion - the best AI Mocap animation software. Create 3D animations effortlessly from videos and make your 3D avatar the star of the show in just minutes!
40+ Popular VTuber Models
50+ Funny VTuber Animations
100+ Exquisite VTuber Assets
40+ Beautiful VTuber Backgrounds
We are committed to meeting the needs of all VTuber creators. If you don't have your own avatar, that's okay. We have so many VTuber models and vtuber assets for you. This can't be seen in other vtuber software.
We have the most accurate face tracking and hands tracking technology. With just a camera, it helps you map expressions and interact with vtuber avatar.
Using our vtuber editor tool, you can upload custom vrm models and edit your vtuber model freely. Bring your avatar to life by adding vtuber suits, dresses, paint, posts, animations. You can also enjoy the free vtuber resources we provide, there is always a set for you.
We have a unique twitch extension(Virtual Effects) that helps you play virtual effects and animation of your own vtuber avatar. Streamer can also earn bits to increase their revenue.
All our content will be continuously updated frequently, usually 1 time a week. You can always enjoy the latest vtuber resources here.
For personal virtual creators, you can use vtuber software suite for FREE. The functions and resources are all easy to use for vtubers, with just one computer and a virtual camera.
Become a VIP to unlock more customized services.
It's very easy to use, and an excellent way to try out Vtubing! The free avatars are quite varied, and they're all unique in their own ways ♥ There are even shortcut keys for simple things like waving, thumbs-up, frowning, etc!
VTuber Maker - Excellent webcam content creation software. In the program, you can create your character, but you will need to download an additional character editor. Or use the suggested character. The character will repeat facial expressions and movements. you can also replace the background. You only need a webcam to use it. I recommend to use.
This software is really good for tracking your face and, if you have the equipment, hands. It's really easy to figure out how it works, with uploading your own models using Vtuber Editor it makes the tracking software (Vtuber Maker) very slim and user friendly And if you need help with anything you can ask for help from anyone who use the software.

## Join Us

Need help with Live3D? Want to communicate with more Virtual YouTubers? Welcome to our vtuber creator community.
Discord Group
Reddit
Twitter
You can also find us in the following ways.
[LINK: Become a partner](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScUyTpNbofWeujjBQ2KKkQUacfGKSAbYLM8yhyH6yPkWs1DRg/viewform?usp=sf_link)
[LINK: Drop A Message](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScUyTpNbofWeujjBQ2KKkQUacfGKSAbYLM8yhyH6yPkWs1DRg/viewform?usp=sf_link)

### 1. About Live3D

### 2. About Vtuber

### 3. How to use Vtuber software

### 4. About Live3D VTuber Resource

## Application platform

You can use our VTuber software on platforms.

--------------------