# LMOS
**URL:** https://eclipse.dev/lmos
**Page Title:** Eclipse LMOS | Eclipse LMOS
--------------------


## What is LMOS?

LMOS is an open-source, sovereign, vendor-neutral platform to build and run enterprise-ready multi-agent systems on cloud or on-prem . Our vision is to create a sovereign and open platform and ecosystem where AI agents can be developed, deployed, and integrated seamlessly across networks and platforms. Built on top of open standards and Kubernetes, it enables developers to build intelligent, scalable, and adaptive multi-agent systems.

## LMOS is open

Innovation thrives in an open environment. LMOS is part of an open ecosystem, inviting developers, data scientists, and organizations to collaborate and shape the future of Multi-Agent Systems.

## LMOS is interoperable

Built for a interoperable agent ecosystem, LMOS leverages established open W3C standards for agent meta data description, discovery and communication across network boundaries.

## LMOS is collaborative

AI agent collaboration improves problem-solving. LMOS orchestrates these interactions with advanced routing based on Natural Language Understanding (NLU), allowing agents to work together seamlessly within a single, unified system.

## LMOS is cloud-native and scalable

As your AI needs grow, LMOS grows with you. Its cloud-native architecture dynamically scales from a few agents to hundreds, ensuring seamless performance as your AI operations expand.

## LMOS is modular

LMOS is built with modularity at its core, allowing you to easily integrate new Agents in your preferred development language or framework.

## LMOS is extensible

Extensibility drives innovation. LMOS defines clear specifications, allowing you to quickly extend its ecosystem.

## LMOS is multi-tenant capable

Built with enterprises in mind, LMOS is multi-tenant capable from the ground up. LMOS allows to efficiently manage multiple tenants and agent groups within the same infrastructure.

--------------------