# Magoosh
**URL:** https://magoosh.com
**Page Title:** Magoosh | Online Test Prep
--------------------


## More than 10 Million Students Have Said Hello to Stress-Free Studying

Start preparing for your next test!
550 million
185
13 million
I decided to further my education when I picked physical therapy as my future career path. To become a PT you have to get your doctorate, which means three additional years of school after undergrad.
Prior to Magoosh I used another company that only offered teachings through a book. I had to read the lessons on my own and then complete a bunch of practice sets on my own. I took the GRE after doing this and did not get the scores I needed, so I turned to Magoosh. They offered multiple teaching and practice tools and they were way more affordable than most other options. The videos were what really made a difference for me because I learn best when I have a teacher who explains the lessons to me. The videos were interactive and made it more like a classroom setting, which enhanced the learning experience.
When I saw my new score I was so happy I wanted to cry! I only had a month to study and I was nervous that I would not receive the scores I needed. Once I saw that my scores were higher than what I needed I was so happy and relieved!
My overall experience with Magoosh was excellent. It is the best test preparation company that I have used so far. In addition to the videos, whenever I had a question with one of the practice problems I could send an email in with a question and would receive an answer and explanation right away. That was one of my favorite parts about interacting with the Magoosh team. It seemed like the staff was always there to support me.
I just got accepted into two different programs for physical therapy! In August I will be moving to Portland, Oregon to start the doctorate program at the Pacific University of Oregon. Magoosh played a major role in this! For my application to be considered for an interview I needed to score a 150 in verbal/math. With the help of Magoosh I was able to score higher than a 150 in both sections.
Right now, my biggest goal is to pass graduate school. By the end of the three years of my education I want to leave as a well-educated, effective, and evidence based physical therapist. I believe that the biggest way I will have an impact is through my practice as a physical therapist. Another one of my goals for the future is to provide international healthcare in areas where physical therapy is needed, but not often available.
(First of all kudos to the entire team! They are simply brilliant. If not how could a student from science background like me who have not seen math for 6 years could score a 158 in his first attempt. Not to forget, it was all done in just over a month.)
OK, coming to my story, I am from a science background and I just completed my bachelor’s in agriculture. When I was in my senior year, I realized that scope for research based education is very limited in India, so I had to look for a better option. And obviously the USA due to its strong research focused educational system, became my destination which could help me to realize my goals. Then I came to know about the mandatory exams GRE and TOEFL.
So I enrolled into a classroom course available in my city. It was expensive, but I decided to give it a try. I understood slowly that these people do not teach you math or English, they teach you how to tackle the test. They teach you effective strategies about tackling the test. This type of approach was not for me, I needed a holistic understanding about the test content. This is where Magoosh scores.
I have seen many reviews online and was following Magoosh blog regularly. Initially, I was a little skeptical about online studying. I subscribed for a free 7 day trial. The course content and user interface where so impressive that I readily bought its premium membership even before the trial period expired. The price point at which Magoosh offers their product is awesome. The math lessons from Mike were brilliant and those lessons helped me build complete understanding rather imparting abstract test-taking skills. Most important thing is that the practice questions they provide are a bit more difficult than the actual GRE. Trust me this boosts your confidence while looking at the actual GRE questions on the test day. And when it comes to the customer support, I can easily say these are the best people around. Any question or any help I needed I got it answered within 24 hours. I really owe my success to them.
After preparing for about 45 days I appeared for the test. The moment my score was displayed, I was simply elated. I cracked 310+ without breaking a sweat. Now I am confidently applying to the top programmes in my discipline and I am pretty confident about getting into one of them.
My goal is to become one of eminent plant scientists in our planet, devise new and innovative strategies in crop production and protection and play my role in feeding the world population. I am happy that I have chosen Magoosh to help me in taking my first step towards that goal.
Thanks to you and your wonderful GRE program, I just got accepted into the Harvard Kennedy School MPP program this year – an achievement which has been my dream for years!!!
I know for sure that it is only thanks to you and your wonderful team that I can share my success story:
In November 2012 I took the GRE for the first time and ended up getting 144 on the Quant section. Applying to the Harvard Kennedy School, the Quant section of the GRE is the deal-breaker: They will only consider candidates above 158.
After my first GRE test I felt I could never improve that much. I tried for over a year with the books from the Princeton review and the material from Manhattan Prep. But after a year of painful preparation I only got 146 – and was consequentially rejected again by Harvard and any other school.
When the rejection letters came in March 2014, I half-heartedly signed up for Magoosh to try for one last shot.
And then a miracle happened:
Soon after I started your lessons my prep tests improved rather significantly in the math section. I found learning math with you so easy and I also really enjoyed it. Your teachers are really on a student’s side, can answer any question and clear doubts on any subject.
What is more: Your program really helped me to become quicker and smarter about the questions, which made me so much more confident with the time limit, which helped calm me down generally during the test.
After 4 months of Magoosh training I took the fatal plunge and tried the GRE again: I scored a 153 in the Quant section and felt great!
Another 4 weeks later the real miracle happened: I scored a 158 in the Quant section!!!!
On the whole, Magoosh helped me to score 14 raw points more than when I started out! And that in only a few months time – something which almost two years of using other prep material has not achieved.
To me this is an amazing outcome, which I never thought I could achieve even in my wildest dreams!
THANK YOU FOR YOUR AMAZING JOB!!!
All the best for the future, you really change lives with your work!
As an Asian Studies and Economics major with a love for teaching and education, I wanted to find a way to combine all of my interests. The program that immediately stood out to me was a Master’s in International Education Policy or Development, which would allow me to develop education policy programs by using knowledge from different countries and cultures as context. After taking a diagnostic test, I quickly realized my scores were far too low for any of the programs I wished to enter, especially my math scores, as I have never been a quantitatively inclined person. Magoosh then seemed to me to be by far the best option: a program I could use whenever I liked, following my own schedule, with an extensive database of questions, as I am someone who learns best through doing many problems. In addition, the price was far lower than any other GRE prep course, and had many more questions than any practice book.
Magoosh’s team was so helpful along the way. This was especially apparent when my one month subscription was about to expire, about 4 days before my test date! I sent an email and I received a response extremely quickly, extending my subscription, for which I am extremely grateful. Seeing my scores was unreal – both scores much higher than the average for every program I was considering applying to, and much higher than my diagnostic tests. Now, I am teaching at a university in Hong Kong while simultaneously applying to grad schools, and my scores will definitely be strength on my applications – all thanks to Magoosh! I hope that after my studies, I will be able to implement effective policy in developing countries to improve education systems all over the world.
I graduated in 2011 with a degree in Physiological Science but I decided to go to Japan to teach English instead after college. After three years, I came back to the States and that’s when I started thinking about what I want to do for the rest of my life. Precisely, I asked myself, “What is something that I love doing and won’t grow bored doing for the rest of my life?” And the answer was physical therapy. From then on, I have been preparing myself for physical therapy school.
Having been away from the “action” for three years, I was really intimidated by the GRE. So I frantically searched the internet for and read through countless forums about the best test prep. At one point, everything looked about the same and comments on the internet were equivocal (GRE vocab, haha). And then I found Magoosh; it was like stumbling upon a pot of gold. The highly comprehensive and step-by-step lesson videos were definitely what distinguished Magoosh from all the other test prep agencies. At first, I was also skeptical. But after reading a few testimonials and watching a few sample videos, I decided to give Magoosh a try. That was probably one of the best decisions I made in life.
I think studying with Magoosh has not only helped me in achieving a better score on the GRE but also made an influential change in my life (and I am not exaggerating). I can’t believe that I’m saying this but I’m beginning to enjoy reading! I’ve always been a “math person” and reading has been my worst nemesis. I used to pick up a book if I couldn’t fall asleep and I can count all the books I’ve read (for pleasure) on one hand! Now, because of Magoosh, I have a larger vocabulary and reading wasn’t laborious anymore. My favorite moment with Magoosh was when I realized I was excited for and looking forward to the latest issue of National Geographic in my mail.
When I saw my score, I felt elated! Like I said, I’ve always been a “math person,” so seeing that I actually did better on the verbal section than the math section, I was just speechless.
Currently, I am working part-time as a physical therapy aide and I will begin volunteering at various places to gain more experience and bolster my application. I am hopeful that I will be able to get into a school of my choice.
My biggest goal for the future is to open my own practice someday. I think physical therapy is a very rewarding career and I wish to help people get back to where they were physically and to restore/increase their quality of life.
I’ve always wanted to get a PhD, that is why I decided to pursue studying. Now I’m finishing my Master’s degree here in Brazil. Last year, I went to do an internship abroad at University of Florida for 5 months. I love research and learning. However, I had little information about GRE on the beginning, and when I first took the test I didn’t do well at all.
I was introduced to Magoosh during my study process. I saw references to it on blogs and youtube and started to get more and more interested about. Then I decided to try and watched some videos. The approach is really good because most of the materials say only superficial theory and since GRE has been changing a lot lately, it is good to go a little deeper on the concepts. Unfortunately, since I didn’t get a good score at the first time I missed the selection process, so now I hope I can get a good opportunity soon.
When I saw my first score, I felt relief because I could improve it. It wasn’t easy but it is rewarding. Right now, my biggest goal is get to be accept for my PhD program because I want to be able to research and help people around the world. So I really want to invest on my formation as a professional. I love the field that I chose to work, and I want to help improving the food production to reduce hunger. Thank you so much for the help, Magoosh team.
I decided to pursue a MSc Degree in Computer Science about a year ago after completing two years of professional experience, mainly because I felt I had learned enough from my company and was ready to chase something bigger in my career, for which a higher level of education is a must.
I chose Magoosh for two reasons, the first being a personal recommendation from a former Professor of my university, who told me it was a really good online platform and that I should definitely try it out. The second reason struck after I saw the software platform itself, there were clearly lots of valuable resources to learn from, with a very friendly user interface and the price felt very fair and honest.
My experience with Magoosh was really good overall, it was flexible enough for me and the learning resources were all clear and easy to understand, the difficulty levels can match anyone willing to take the GRE. My favorite moment while studying has to be the feedback I received from the team when I had questions or suggestions, there is a great customer care behind Magoosh platform, I believe each of my needs were fully covered.
I have taken the GRE a second time now and my scores are stronger after using Magoosh for 3-4 months, I feel I’m ready take the GRE a third time in 4-5 months to pursue the high scores I desire and Magoosh will definitely be my learning tool once again for this quest.
My biggest goal is to create a technology that will improve any aspect of our world, maybe to ease our daily lives or to solve complex problems that affect us right now. My main motivation is to achieve something that may even seem magical to the common eye and that just works, something that is simple, yet very complex, and at the same time beautiful.
I decided to further my education once I developed a passion for Chemical Engineering, my current major, at the middle of my junior year in college. I wanted to specialize in a field that I enjoyed studying about, and after taking specialized chemE courses during my sophomore and junior years, I decided that I wanted to go to graduate school for it.
Magoosh was the first link I found on Google when I searched for GRE prep tools, so I decided to give it a try. I liked that it was an online prep tool and when I read about its video lessons, flashcard apps and score predictors, I was sold. These features are unique and a refreshing change from the commonplace prep tools that offer practice questions and practice tests.
I found the entire experience to be extremely satisfying not only due to the informative video lessons and well-explained practice questions, but also because I could track my progress whenever I practiced questions. I had devoted only one month to prep for GREs, so it was important to know how much I progressed each day, and Magoosh helped me by showing me my score range for both sections. I didn’t have a chance to interact with the Magoosh staff, but I always liked Chris and Mikes’ video lessons and left nice comments on the ones I especially liked. You guys are awesome!
I felt really ecstatic when I saw my score because I did better on both sections than I ever had on any practice test (I took both Magoosh and PowerPrep practice tests). The time and money that I spent on Magoosh (my only source for GRE prep) was really worth it!
I am a rising senior pursuing a Bachelor’s in Chemical Engineering with a Psychology minor at Rutgers University. I’m looking to get a Master’s in either Chemical Engineering or Petroleum Engineering.
My biggest goal for the future is to have a successful career working for a petroleum company (like ExxonMobil or Shell). In this day and age of global warming, I’d like to help in making the non-renewable energy process more environment-friendly than it already is. Another goal would be to get into a top tier graduate school for chemical/petroleum engineering.

--------------------