# Maltego
**URL:** https://www.maltego.com
**Page Title:** Maltego | OSINT & Cyber Investigations Platform for High-Stakes Cases
--------------------

Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy .
Your consent applies to the following domains: support.maltego.com, app.maltego.com, buy.maltego.com, community.maltego.com, docs.maltego.com, get.maltego.com, login.maltego.com, maltego.com, osint-profiler.maltego.com, portal.maltego.com, spark.maltego.com, store.maltego.com
Your consent ID: 0 Consent date:
Cookie declaration last updated on 12/01/2026 by Cookiebot :
Necessary (54)
Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies.
Preferences (11)
Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
Statistics (38)
Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously.
[LINK: Segment](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
Marketing (88)
Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers.
[LINK: Segment](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
[LINK: Segment](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
Unclassified (63)
Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies.
- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Freshworks 2 Learn more about this provider debug [x2] This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ClientId Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie OIDC Control cookie used in connection to the website’s Content Delivery Network (CDN). Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 6 Learn more about this provider m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie apollo.io auth.maltego.com docs.maltego.com freshchat.com g2.com g2crowd.com support.maltego.com t.co 9 __cf_bm [x9] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie auth.maltego.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cookiebot.com community.maltego.com login.maltego.com portal.maltego.com sflink.maltego.com spark.maltego.com 13 CookieConsent [x13] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie get.maltego.com zoominfo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie maltego.clueso.io 2 dmn_chk_# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sflink.maltego.com 2 visitor_id#-hash [x2] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sflink.maltego.com www.maltego.com 2 pi_opt_in# [x2] Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Freshworks 2 Learn more about this provider debug [x2] This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider __RequestVerificationToken Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ClientId Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie OIDC Control cookie used in connection to the website’s Content Delivery Network (CDN). Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 6 Learn more about this provider m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- apollo.io auth.maltego.com docs.maltego.com freshchat.com g2.com g2crowd.com support.maltego.com t.co 9 __cf_bm [x9] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- auth.maltego.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cookiebot.com community.maltego.com login.maltego.com portal.maltego.com sflink.maltego.com spark.maltego.com 13 CookieConsent [x13] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- get.maltego.com zoominfo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- maltego.clueso.io 2 dmn_chk_# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- sflink.maltego.com 2 visitor_id#-hash [x2] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- sflink.maltego.com www.maltego.com 2 pi_opt_in# [x2] Identifies if the visitor has deselected any cookies, trackers or other audience targeting tools. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Cookiebot 3 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x3] Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 1 Learn more about this provider FormsWebSessionId The cookie is used if the visitor has filled in personal information on a formula. This information will be filled in automatically on other formulas. This process is used to optimize visitor experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage docs.maltego.com support.maltego.com 4 _helpkit_session [x2] Privoded by Freshdesk to manage the current user session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _x_w [x2] Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 3 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x3] Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 1 Learn more about this provider FormsWebSessionId The cookie is used if the visitor has filled in personal information on a formula. This information will be filled in automatically on other formulas. This process is used to optimize visitor experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- docs.maltego.com support.maltego.com 4 _helpkit_session [x2] Privoded by Freshdesk to manage the current user session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _x_w [x2] Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Convert Insight 3 Learn more about this provider _conv_r This cookie is used as a referral-cookie that stores the visitor’s profile – the cookie is overwritten when the visitor re-enters the website and new information on the visitor is collected and stored. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_s This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_v This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Hotjar 6 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hjCookieTest Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie VWO 3 Learn more about this provider _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.openwidget.com 1 _livechat_has_visited Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.segment.com loom.com 3 ajs_anonymous_id [x3] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie maltego.clueso.io 4 ph_#_posthog [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.loom.com app.tango.us 2 ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.loom.com embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.maltego.com 3 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage pi_opt_in1030691 testing Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Convert Insight 3 Learn more about this provider _conv_r This cookie is used as a referral-cookie that stores the visitor’s profile – the cookie is overwritten when the visitor re-enters the website and new information on the visitor is collected and stored. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_s This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _conv_v This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Hotjar 6 Learn more about this provider hjActiveViewportIds This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hjViewportId Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _hjCookieTest Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- VWO 3 Learn more about this provider _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.openwidget.com 1 _livechat_has_visited Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.segment.com loom.com 3 ajs_anonymous_id [x3] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- maltego.clueso.io 4 ph_#_posthog [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.loom.com app.tango.us 2 ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.loom.com embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.maltego.com 3 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage pi_opt_in1030691 testing Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Convert Insight 1 Learn more about this provider _conv_sptest This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au [x3] Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 13 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie MC1 Used by Microsoft to keep statistics on what pages the user has visited and how often an ad click leads to a purchase or other actions on the advertiser's website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie MS0 Used by Microsoft to keep statistics on what pages the user has visited and how often an ad click leads to a purchase or other actions on the advertiser's website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 35 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.tango.us 1 __mpq_#_# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.tango.us www.googletagmanager.com 2 _gcl_ls [x2] Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.tango.us www.loom.com 2 ajs_user_id [x2] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage bing.com forms.cloud.microsoft 3 MUID [x3] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jsdelivr.net store.maltego.com 2 user_referrer [x2] Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.mxpnl.com 2 mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.segment.com evs.sgmt.loom.com 6 __tld__ [x4] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x2] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie res.public.onecdn.static.microsoft 1 MicrosoftApplicationsTelemetryDeviceId Sets a specific device ID. This ID is used by Microsoft to track users' website behaviour and the interaction with Microsoft application on the specific device. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sflink.maltego.com 4 lpv# Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie pardot Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie visitor_id# [x2] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Convert Insight 1 Learn more about this provider _conv_sptest This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au [x3] Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Loom 1 Learn more about this provider loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 13 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie MC1 Used by Microsoft to keep statistics on what pages the user has visited and how often an ad click leads to a purchase or other actions on the advertiser's website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie MS0 Used by Microsoft to keep statistics on what pages the user has visited and how often an ad click leads to a purchase or other actions on the advertiser's website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 35 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.tango.us 1 __mpq_#_# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.tango.us www.googletagmanager.com 2 _gcl_ls [x2] Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.tango.us www.loom.com 2 ajs_user_id [x2] Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- bing.com forms.cloud.microsoft 3 MUID [x3] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jsdelivr.net store.maltego.com 2 user_referrer [x2] Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.mxpnl.com 2 mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.segment.com evs.sgmt.loom.com 6 __tld__ [x4] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id [x2] This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- res.public.onecdn.static.microsoft 1 MicrosoftApplicationsTelemetryDeviceId Sets a specific device ID. This ID is used by Microsoft to track users' website behaviour and the interaction with Microsoft application on the specific device. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- sflink.maltego.com 4 lpv# Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie pardot Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie visitor_id# [x2] Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Freshworks 1 Learn more about this provider hop-4f110067-49e2-44a5-9454-b158ccde2779 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Loom 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Microsoft 16 Learn more about this provider mats-telemetry-profile-id [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage msal.version [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MuidSyncDomain Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MuidSyncTimestamp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage FormsVersion/ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage isRTL Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage olk-BookingsC2OwaPreloadStrings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-bootFailureCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-isTimeZoneCacheAvailable Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-LogicalRing Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-OwaClientId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-OwaLocale Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-OwaSessionCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-UsersNormalizedTheme Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ZoomInfo 2 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie app.tango.us 8 amplify-polling-started Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fe_refresh_6fa38770686c4ad39436892b762e00b6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fe_refresh_6fa38770686c-4ad3-9436-892b762e00b6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fe_refresh_6fa38770-686c-4ad3-9436-892b762e00b6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_3b6722d25ef5a4aa7546712bd75a51ee Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_3b6722d25ef5a4aa7546712bd75a51ee Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage assets.apollo.io 2 apolloAnonId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage eventQueue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.chatbot.com 2 cb.visitor.65d88353a19c3c0007960453 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cb.visitor.67b36a43ef678500077486d0 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.forms.office.net res.public.onecdn.static.microsoft 2 msal.cache.encryption [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 Y291bnRlcg Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.mycourse.app 1 anonymous_token Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.openwidget.com 3 @@chatbot_state:67b33265acd00f000773cb08 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage @@ow_session_started:c15c36a5-0a27-462b-be9a-f87a6774a7c9:852d8d05-e635-4683-90cd-735463af6e64 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage c15c36a5-0a27-462b-be9a-f87a6774a7c9:state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage euc-assets9.freshdesk.com support.maltego.com 2 seenArticlesArray [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage maltego.com 2 csrf_token_0d4ba62e5dc3f005c2673cab3d7051d9d72f6cab32bf277bdda83f6687143060 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie maltego_id_user_referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie spark.maltego.com 1 slim_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie store.maltego.com 2 %40webshop-utm-medium Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie %40webshop-voucher Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tango.us 2 cfz_facebook-pixel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie facebook-pixel_PTTd__fb-pixel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.maltego.com 4 unifiedScriptVerified Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage hasVisitedPOI Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage popupShownPages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage popupVariants Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Freshworks 1 Learn more about this provider hop-4f110067-49e2-44a5-9454-b158ccde2779 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Loom 7 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Microsoft 16 Learn more about this provider mats-telemetry-profile-id [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage msal.version [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MuidSyncDomain Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MuidSyncTimestamp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage FormsVersion/ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage isRTL Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage olk-BookingsC2OwaPreloadStrings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-bootFailureCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-isTimeZoneCacheAvailable Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-LogicalRing Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-OwaClientId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-OwaLocale Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-OwaSessionCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage olk-UsersNormalizedTheme Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- ZoomInfo 2 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.tango.us 8 amplify-polling-started Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fe_refresh_6fa38770686c4ad39436892b762e00b6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fe_refresh_6fa38770686c-4ad3-9436-892b762e00b6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fe_refresh_6fa38770-686c-4ad3-9436-892b762e00b6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_3b6722d25ef5a4aa7546712bd75a51ee Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_3b6722d25ef5a4aa7546712bd75a51ee Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- assets.apollo.io 2 apolloAnonId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage eventQueue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.chatbot.com 2 cb.visitor.65d88353a19c3c0007960453 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cb.visitor.67b36a43ef678500077486d0 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.forms.office.net res.public.onecdn.static.microsoft 2 msal.cache.encryption [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 Y291bnRlcg Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.mycourse.app 1 anonymous_token Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.openwidget.com 3 @@chatbot_state:67b33265acd00f000773cb08 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage @@ow_session_started:c15c36a5-0a27-462b-be9a-f87a6774a7c9:852d8d05-e635-4683-90cd-735463af6e64 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage c15c36a5-0a27-462b-be9a-f87a6774a7c9:state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- euc-assets9.freshdesk.com support.maltego.com 2 seenArticlesArray [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- maltego.com 2 csrf_token_0d4ba62e5dc3f005c2673cab3d7051d9d72f6cab32bf277bdda83f6687143060 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie maltego_id_user_referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- spark.maltego.com 1 slim_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- store.maltego.com 2 %40webshop-utm-medium Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie %40webshop-voucher Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- tango.us 2 cfz_facebook-pixel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie facebook-pixel_PTTd__fb-pixel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.maltego.com 4 unifiedScriptVerified Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage hasVisitedPOI Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage popupShownPages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage popupVariants Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
[LINK: docs.maltego.com](https://docs.maltego.com)
Calling All OSINT Investigators! Join the Maltego Community OSINT CTF

### What is your main use case?

## From data to intelligence - in minutes.

4.5 rating
200K+ users world-wide
Trusted by thousands of government organizations and leading companies around the world
Monitor real-time data and use AI-powered sentiment analysis to detect 
              and assess potential and ongoing public safety disruptions and cyber threats
Quickly uncover new leads by identifying and tracking 
              the activities of suspects and potential threats
Run quick OSINT searches on suspects and threat actors with data from 
                    social media, the dark web, identity databases, and breach data
Run quick OSINT searches on suspects and threat actors with data from 
                  social media, the dark web, identity databases, and breach data
Monitor real-time data and use AI-powered sentiment analysis to detect 
                    and assess potential and ongoing public safety disruptions and cyber threats
Conduct deep investigations into complex OSINT cases and cyber 
                    threats with access to all external and internal data
Conduct deep investigations into complex OSINT cases and cyber 
                  threats with access to all external and internal data
Uncover hidden truths in large social media 
                    datasets with customized crawling profiles
Advisory Services
Leverage expert guidance for workflow optimization, new use case development 
              to elevate your organization's capabilities
technical Services
Custom engineering for specialized Maltego deployment and integrations to suit your 
                    organization's investigative and compliance needs
technical Services
Custom engineering for specialized Maltego deployment and integrations to suit your 
                  organization's investigative and compliance needs
custom Training
Empower your investigative team with custom training 
                    sessions for investigators and developers
Administrative tools
Audit and analyze your organization's Maltego usage, 
              billing, and access authorization
On-demand learning resources and live group trainings
              to help you succeed in your investigations

## The all-in-one investigation platform that accelerates complex cyber investigations from hours to minutes

- Novice Intelligence Analysts
- Trained OSINT Analysts
- Technical Investigators

### Monitor social media in real-time using AI-driven analysis to manage large data volumes

### Run preliminary OSINT searches on suspects and threat actors in seconds using relevant public data

### Accelerate your complex investigations from hours to minutes with just a few clicks

### Capture and preserve critical social media data from multiple networks before it’s gone

### Store and collect all your investigations in one place. Cross-correlate all data in one format

### Audit and analyze your organization’s Maltego usage, billing, and access authorization

### All relevant intelligence data in one place: Seamlessly access both internal and external data!

### Specialized Maltego deployment to suit your organization's investigative and compliance needs

### Monitor social media in real-time using AI-driven analysis to manage large data volumes

### Run preliminary OSINT searches on suspects and threat actors in seconds using relevant public data

### Accelerate your complex investigations from hours to minutes with just a few clicks

### Capture and preserve critical social media data from multiple networks before it’s gone

### Store and collect all your investigations in one place. Cross-correlate all data in one format

### Audit and analyze your organization’s Maltego usage, billing, and access authorization

### All relevant intelligence data in one place: Seamlessly access both internal and external data!

### Specialized Maltego deployment to suit your organization's investigative and compliance needs

## Try Out the World’s Most Used Investigation Platform for OSINT and Investigations!

Maltego receives Frost & Sullivan's

## 2025 product leadership award for global OSINT solutions

## Maltego Solutions in Practice

## Why rely on multiple vendors when all data is secured in one place?

- 120+ data partners
- Cost-efficient access
- Integrate own tools and data

### Why do companies around the world prefer Maltego for improving investigations?

"Maltego allows us to quickly pull data from profiles, posts, and comments into one graph, where we can conduct text searches and see connections. In just a few minutes, we can narrow initial research to a handful individuals using variations of aliases connected to suspected local traffickers. We would not have been able to do that without Maltego."
"I have been an avid user and advocate of Maltego for many years, using it especially for internet infrastructure mapping. However, its automated search and graphing capabilities make it perfectly suited for creating cryptocurrency transaction maps. If you are looking for a low cost entry into address identification, I highly recommend it."
"Maltego is a wonderful aggregator of interfaces to various OSINT databases. The company behind Maltego has even formed its own OSINT ecosystem. Maltego can scan a target website, but then it lets its users effortlessly apply what it calls “Transforms” from its ecosystem to connect the web information to various databases. I’ve been blogging about infosec for years, and even I’m nervous about Maltego’s capabilities. With OSINT, knowledge is truly power."
"Maltego is simply limitless in the options that it provides us. We see great potential in the default options available in Maltego, from graphing capabilities to the different entities to data integrations. It allows us to extend its capabilities and customize it to our investigative needs."
"Maltego is the first tool I'd install on any researchers laptop, and the first I open any time I'm starting a new investigation. From the ability to access many different data sources through one tool, to the advanced visualisations, its an absolutely essential part of modern cybercrime research"
"Maltego’s strength lies in its capacity to visualize relationships among Entities, even when dealing with large volumes of data. Ultimately, Maltego enables us to quickly obtain information about the subject from the surface web and the deep and dark web."
"A great strength of Maltego is the ease of gaining insights from multiple, disparate data sets. In the past couple of years, Maltego has been increasingly developed towards a relevant market place for data and I am excited to see how this will evolve in the future."
"Maltego allows us to quickly pull data from profiles, posts, and comments into one graph, where we can conduct text searches and see connections. In just a few minutes, we can narrow initial research to a handful individuals using variations of aliases connected to suspected local traffickers. We would not have been able to do that without Maltego."
"I have been an avid user and advocate of Maltego for many years, using it especially for internet infrastructure mapping. However, its automated search and graphing capabilities make it perfectly suited for creating cryptocurrency transaction maps. If you are looking for a low cost entry into address identification, I highly recommend it."
"Maltego is a wonderful aggregator of interfaces to various OSINT databases. The company behind Maltego has even formed its own OSINT ecosystem. Maltego can scan a target website, but then it lets its users effortlessly apply what it calls “Transforms” from its ecosystem to connect the web information to various databases. I’ve been blogging about infosec for years, and even I’m nervous about Maltego’s capabilities. With OSINT, knowledge is truly power."
"Maltego is simply limitless in the options that it provides us. We see great potential in the default options available in Maltego, from graphing capabilities to the different entities to data integrations. It allows us to extend its capabilities and customize it to our investigative needs."
"Maltego is the first tool I'd install on any researchers laptop, and the first I open any time I'm starting a new investigation. From the ability to access many different data sources through one tool, to the advanced visualisations, its an absolutely essential part of modern cybercrime research"
"Maltego’s strength lies in its capacity to visualize relationships among Entities, even when dealing with large volumes of data. Ultimately, Maltego enables us to quickly obtain information about the subject from the surface web and the deep and dark web."
"A great strength of Maltego is the ease of gaining insights from multiple, disparate data sets. In the past couple of years, Maltego has been increasingly developed towards a relevant market place for data and I am excited to see how this will evolve in the future."
"Maltego allows us to quickly pull data from profiles, posts, and comments into one graph, where we can conduct text searches and see connections. In just a few minutes, we can narrow initial research to a handful individuals using variations of aliases connected to suspected local traffickers. We would not have been able to do that without Maltego."

### Learn with our resources

Stay up to date with the latest features, data partners, whitepaper, and interesting use cases from our official Maltego Blog
Access to Enterprise-grade on-demand courses, OSINT Masterclasses with industry experts, and live training sessions with our specialists

### In the Spotlight

Speak to our expert team to find out how we can help you amplify your intelligence analysis.
- Pricing
- Maltego Graph
- Maltego Search
- Maltego Monitor
- Maltego Evidence
- Maltego Data
- Channel Partners
- Download Maltego
- Register for Community Edition
- Reset Password for Community Edition
- Change Log
- On Demand Demo
- Buy Online
- Maltego Data
- Connectors
- Become a Data Partner
- About Us
- Careers
- Press Mentions
- Download logo
- Legal Documents
- Blog
- Maltego Grants
- FAQs
- Maltego Community
- For Resellers
- Trust Center
- Status
- Legal Notice
- License Agreement
- Data Processing Agreement
- Data Privacy
- Website Privacy
- Cookie Policy

--------------------