# Mava
**URL:** https://mava.app
**Page Title:** Ticket Bot Support for Communities | Mava
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie app.cal.com 1 nextauth.message Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage brand-assets.capterra.com getapp.com brand-assets.softwareadvice.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cal.com 1 __Secure-next-auth.callback-url Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com mava.app 2 _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- app.cal.com 1 nextauth.message Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- brand-assets.capterra.com getapp.com brand-assets.softwareadvice.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cal.com 1 __Secure-next-auth.callback-url Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com mava.app 2 _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Embed.ly 10 Learn more about this provider __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YouTube 6 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 10 Learn more about this provider __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- YouTube 6 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. app.cal.com 3 embed-theme-30min-mava:nicolas-morvan:dark Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage timeOption.is24hClock Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage toggledConnectedCalendars Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cal.com 1 __Secure-next-auth.csrf-token Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie widget.mava.app 5 MavaWebChatDBv2#chat Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB MavaWebChatDBv2#session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB MavaWebChatDBv2#settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mava_client_token Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mava_customer_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.cal.com 3 embed-theme-30min-mava:nicolas-morvan:dark Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage timeOption.is24hClock Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage toggledConnectedCalendars Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cal.com 1 __Secure-next-auth.csrf-token Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.mava.app 5 MavaWebChatDBv2#chat Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB MavaWebChatDBv2#session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB MavaWebChatDBv2#settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mava_client_token Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mava_customer_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## Discord

## Telegram

## Web Chat

## Slack

## Email

## The support platform for community-driven companies

## Community Channels

## Web Chat

## Shared Inbox

## AI Support

## Analytics

## 2M+

Private Tickets

## 1,000+

Communities

## 50K+

Public AI Responses

## Why Mava?

## 💙 by thousands of communities

## Having previously used Ticket Tool for Discord, Mava was a godsend. We could easily see what tickets needed to be resolved without any manual tracking, and could also communicate directly to users within Discord while protecting our team.

## Sarah

## Layer 3

## Mava stole the show for our team! It's the most elegant solution out there, free from any unnecessary bells and whistles like Zendesk. Special kudos to Mava's team; they are incredibly responsive and supportive professionals, always ready with the answers and assistance we need.

## Pasha

## Getgems.io

## Thank you @mava_app for providing an amazing user support experience for us and our users! MAVA’s simple yet powerful interface allows our support agent to handle user inquiries and requests with ease.

## Support Team

## Fusionist

## Thank you @mava_app for providing an amazing user support experience for us and our users! MAVA’s simple yet powerful interface allows our support agent to handle user inquiries and requests with ease.

## @fusonistio

## Having previously used Ticket Tool for Discord, Mava was a godsend. We could easily see what tickets needed to be resolved without any manual tracking, and could also communicate directly to users within Discord while protecting our team."

## Sarah

## Layer3

## For me Mava has been a great customer support solution. I've had a little trouble keeping up with their speed of improvements and features!"

## David

## APY.Vision

## Frequently asked questions

Mava offers a free plan ideal for smaller communities, allowing you to manage up to 100 support requests per month. It’s also a great way to test our platform. While some advanced features are exclusive to paid plans, you can still explore and preview most features on the free plan (though activation is limited to paid tiers).
There is no limit to the number of users you can add on any plan. Our pricing is based on the volume of support requests—not the number of team members. This means your entire team can access Mava for one flat rate, with no extra cost for adding team members. Plus, AI capabilities are included in all plans at no additional charge.
No, Mava is a software platform designed for your internal team to optimize support operations. While we don't provide outsourcing services directly, we’d be happy to connect you with trusted partners who specialize in outsourced support. Feel free to reach out.
Yes, after training the AI using your knowledge base, you can test questions directly in the Mava dashboard, allowing you to identify and fill any gaps.
Fast-growing communities provide businesses with a target audience to sell to, which, while great for revenue, comes with customer support challenges. As the volume of people looking for assistance increases, businesses quickly struggle to maintain the high level of support that made them popular in the first place without a ticket tool in place. Mava’s ticket tool bot helps to combat this issue by providing answers to repetitive queries, such as “How to reset my password?” or “How do I change payment details?”, that human teams would originally have had to spend a disproportionate amount of time answering. Traditional ticket bots simply repeated information they had been given upon set-up verbatim, limiting their usefulness and irritating customers who were unable to get the answer they needed. With an AI-powered ticket bot for Discord and Telegram, however, it takes the resources it's been fed and provides far more insightful, helpful answers, as well as providing the option for customers to escalate issues if needed. With Mava’s help, businesses can ensure their customers get their questions resolved in a manner that they are used to, without needing to leave Discord or Telegram, ensuring a positive sentiment toward their brand is maintained. With the routine questions being answered by the Telegram or Discord ticket bot, human support teams are now freed up to focus on more complex queries or handle issues that the ticket tool bot has escalated to them. And all this is done from one central ticket tool dashboard that provides automated tracking and numbering, meaning no customer is left without the assistance they need. As well as providing a home for customer support, our ticket tool also provide in-depth analytics and insights which can be used to proactively improve your customer support infrastructure. In an instant, you can see how effective your customer support is based on response times, satisfaction ratings, and much more.

## Experience

## the future of

## community support

## Company

About
Blog

## Product

Pricing
Demo
Discord
Telegram
Documentation
2025 © Mava
T&C
Privacy

--------------------