# Maya
**URL:** https://www.livetheworld.com/maya
**Page Title:** Atlas - Your AI travel assistant
--------------------

Hi there! I'm Atlas, your AI travel assistant
Consider me your very own virtual travel agent - share your next trip idea with me, and I'll help create a trip plan just for you. Leveraging Maya’s AI technology and Live the World's travel expertise, I am committed to making your trip unforgettable! Not sure where you want to go yet? Let’s chat about the type of trip you have in mind and I’ll recommend a destination that’s perfect for you. Looking for somewhere to stay? Once we know where you’re headed, I’ll happily recommend hotels based on your budget and travel style.

### Are you in the travel industry?

With more and more travellers expecting instant answers & recommendations 24/7, don’t get left behind.
Discover how Maya can drive conversion and customer satisfaction on your website.
How to get your itinerary:
Chat with Atlas
Collaborate on a draft plan
Get a full trip plan
Save & Share
Book
FAQs
Imagine having a personal travel agent in your pocket, 24/7. Using AI technology, Atlas is your answer to fun, easy travel planning, offering up personalized recommendations, itineraries, and travel advice at no cost to you.
Yes, Atlas is your 100% free AI travel planner, at your service!
Atlas curates recommendations by asking you a few simple questions about your unique travel style, preferences, and requirements. By answering these questions, you give Atlas the ability to make sure every aspect of your trip is tailored perfectly to your wants and needs.
At the moment, Atlas is unable to chat offline. However, you can download your full travel plan as a PDF so you can easily access it on the go.
Atlas is an AI assistant that can recommend hotels based on your destination, budget, group size, and any specifics you’re looking for in your accommodation.
Once you have selected your hotel, you will be directed to our partner site to make your booking directly. You’ll get the best price available, and Atlas will receive a small commission!
Of course! Atlas isn’t just a top-notch trip planner, she can also use her travel expertise to recommend destinations that she thinks you will love based on the type of trip you want. Atlas can plan your trip from start to finish, all in one place.
Once you have received your full trip plan, you can easily go back and continue chatting with Atlas to adjust it to your preferences and schedule. Atlas is committed to making sure you’re 100% happy! And if you don’t have time to edit it right away, you can save your plan to come back to later.
Yes once you have generated your full AI trip plan, you can easily share it with your travel buddies via email so you can all start getting excited!
She sure can! Atlas is ready to give you 24/7 customer service whether it’s answering questions or giving recommendations.
Yes! Atlas is available for travel agencies to implement as their very own white-label AI travel assistant offering 24/7 service to your customers, helping to improve client experience and boost your business. Click here to learn more.

### NAVIGATION


--------------------