# Mixo
**URL:** https://mixo.io
**Page Title:** AI Website Builder to Launch Your Business Seconds
--------------------


## Launch a business in seconds with AI.

## Have an idea for a startup, product or service? Bring it to life with AI effortlessly and watch it grow.

- Free Trial Available
- Over 3 Million Sites Created

## Launch sites effortlessly .

With just a brief description of your idea, Mixo uses AI to generate your website in seconds. Start collecting subscribers with stunning landing pages that require no code or design . Get started with a built-in email waiting list plus everything you need to launch, grow and test your ideas.
“Mixo's the fastest way to launch a website. It's simply mind-blowing.”

## Connect with customers .

Mixo takes the pain out of customizing your site and validating your product ideas. Connect with your customers via email, surveys or interviews. It's great for pre-launching products , gathering insights, building waiting lists, running beta testing programs or just validating new product ideas.
“The product and customer support is fantastic. It's refreshing to use a website that actually cares about its customers.”

## Grow your audience .

With integrated subscriber management tools , you can create lasting connections with your audience. You can then export subscribers into marketing platforms or track deeper stats with Google Analytics.
“It was so exciting to see so many customers sign up to my product. I always felt like my idea had potential, but having them sign up made it real.”
“I tried three other AI Website builders, and Mixo always came out on top. The interface is easy to understand. The template is simple to use, and customer service is fast, precise, and clear.”

## Trusted by over 750,000 of the most innovative creators in the world .

Mixo is the trusted, easy-to-use platform chosen by everyone from solo entrepreneurs to employees at Fortune 500 companies for its reliability, quality, and cutting-edge features.

## Big Numbers .

Join the millions of business owners who started with Mixo's AI Website Builder!

## Launch a website with Mixo in just minutes .

“The ease and speed to create an AI generated website is incredible with Mixo. Plus we loved that our page automatically looked good on any screen size. However, what really sets Mixo apart in our opinion, is their incredible customer service.”
BuddyAI Team

--------------------