# N8n
**URL:** https://n8n.partnerlinks.io/i59hy67upxge
**Page Title:** AI Workflow Automation Platform & Tools - n8n
--------------------


## Flexible AI workflow automation for technical teams

Build with the precision of code or the speed of drag-n-drop. Host with on-prem control or in-the-cloud convenience. n8n gives you more freedom to implement multi-step AI agents and integrate apps than any other tool.
The world's most popular workflow automation platform for technical teams including
[LINK: Top 50 Github. Our 171k stars place us among the most popular projects.](https://github.com/n8n-io/n8n)
Top 50 Github. Our 171k stars place us among the most popular projects.
4.9/5 stars on G2. To quote "A solid automation tool that just works."
200k+ community members. This wouldn't be possible without you.
- Deploy with Docker
Deploy with Docker
- Access the entire source code on Github
Access the entire source code on Github
- Hosted version also available
Hosted version also available

## Code when you need it, UI when you don't

Other tools limit you to either a visual building experience, or code. With n8n, you get the best of both worlds.
- Write JavaScript or Python - you can always fall back to code
Write JavaScript or Python - you can always fall back to code
- Add libraries from npm or Python for even more power
Add libraries from npm or Python for even more power
- Paste cURL requests into your workflow
Paste cURL requests into your workflow
- Merge workflow branches , don’t just split them
Merge workflow branches , don’t just split them

## Run. Tweak. Repeat

The same short feedback loops that make you smile at your scripts.
- Re-run single steps without re-running the whole workflow
Re-run single steps without re-running the whole workflow
- Replay or mock data to avoid waiting for external systems
Replay or mock data to avoid waiting for external systems
- Debug fast , with logs in line with your code
Debug fast , with logs in line with your code
- Use 1700+ templates to jump-start your project
Use 1700+ templates to jump-start your project
How Delivery Hero saved 200 hours each month with a single ITOps workflow
"We have seen drastic efficiency improvements since we started using n8n for user management. It's incredibly powerful, but also simple to use."
Director of Global IT Service Delivery
How StepStone finishes 2 weeks’ work in only 2 hours with n8n workflows
“We’ve sped up our integration of marketplace data sources by 25X. It takes me 2 hours max to connect up APIs and transform the data we need. You can’t do this that fast in code.”
Marketplace Tech Lead
- Security Fully on-prem option, SSO SAML, and LDAP, encrypted secret stores, version control, advanced RBAC permissions.

### Security

Fully on-prem option, SSO SAML, and LDAP, encrypted secret stores, version control, advanced RBAC permissions.
- Performance Audit logs & log streaming to 3rd party, workflow history, custom variables, external storage.

### Performance

Audit logs & log streaming to 3rd party, workflow history, custom variables, external storage.
- Collaboration Git Control,  isolated environments, multi-user workflows.

### Collaboration

Git Control,  isolated environments, multi-user workflows.
"The idea is that everybody in the organization can use n8n to manage data retrieval or data transformation."
Senior Product Manager

--------------------