# NLX
**URL:** https://nlx.ai
**Page Title:** NLX | Build conversational AI at any scale.
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Contentsquare 1 Learn more about this provider _cs_c Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie digitaloceanspaces.com hubapi.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Contentsquare 1 Learn more about this provider _cs_c Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://docs.contentsquare.com/uxa-en/#cookies)
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- digitaloceanspaces.com hubapi.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Contentsquare 4 Learn more about this provider _cs_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _cs_root-domain Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _cs_s This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _cs_same_site Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Contentsquare 4 Learn more about this provider _cs_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie _cs_root-domain Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _cs_s This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _cs_same_site Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://docs.contentsquare.com/uxa-en/#cookies)
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. nlx.ai 11 loglevel:livekit Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-engine Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-participant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-pc-manager Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-pc-transport Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-room Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-signal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-token-source Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-track Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-track-publication Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:lk-e2ee Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- nlx.ai 11 loglevel:livekit Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-engine Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-participant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-pc-manager Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-pc-transport Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-room Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-signal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-token-source Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-track Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:livekit-track-publication Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage loglevel:lk-e2ee Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## Build natural language experiences at any scale.

From startups to global brands, NLX helps orchestrate AI applications across every channel using any AI model — no code required.

## Join the leading companies using NLX to reimagine what’s possible.

Features

## One platform to power all your AI use cases.

Work backwards from your ideal solution, unconstrained.
- Every channel – from chat to voice to phone
- Every language – 65+ supported natively
- Every LLM – switch providers instantly
- Every moment – with Voice+ synchronized actions

## Make every conversation count.

Whether it's in store or at home, create conversational experiences that don't just reach your users, but speak to them in whatever format feels right.

### Voice+™

Our patented technology lets you deliver unmatched conversational experiences second only to humans, synchronizing voice with digital channels.

### Voice

Say goodbye to number menus and on-hold music. Build voice-based applications that are always on call so users can ditch typing and get straight to talking.

### Chat

Create multimodal chat-based experiences, customizable for any use case through pre-established channels or our signature Touchpoint.

## Build. Deploy. Analyze.
All in one place.

Create conversational experiences that don’t just reach your uses, but speak to them in whatever format feels right.

### Design intelligent conversations — visually.

Effortlessly map and orchestrate AI journeys that are integrated and human-like in minutes, not weeks, with a patented no-code conversation builder.

### One platform. Any integration.
Every channel.

One platform that orchestrates state-of-the-art technology and AI systems, so you can launch instantly across any channel in 65+ languages

### Know what every conversation means — and what to do next.

A full suite of analytics, custom KPI tracking, alerting, and conversation history – all available no-code to guide your decisions and continuous improvements.
Developers welcome

## Make it your own

Personalize every aspect of your AI applications from how they're integrated to how they're consumed, with or without code.
[LINK: View Docs](https://docs.nlx.ai/platform)
[LINK: Get API Keys](https://docs.nlx.ai/platform/api-reference/rest-api-reference/conversation-api)
[LINK: Documentation Build powerful multimodal AI applications that combine natural language, automation, and voice. Documentation Learning Hub Watch on YouTube](https://docs.nlx.ai/platform)

### Documentation

Build powerful multimodal AI applications that combine natural language, automation, and voice.
[LINK: Conversation APIs Comprehensive APIs and SDKs to consume your NLX applications across any channel and modality. import { createConversation } from "@nlx/ai/core" const config = { applicationUrl : "https://apps.nlx.ai/c/[deplId]" , headers : { "nlx-api-key" : "your_api_key_here" } , languageCode : "en-US" , userId : "user_12345" } ; const conversation = createConversation ( config ) ; conversation . sendText ( "Hello, I need help with..." ) ;](https://docs.nlx.ai/platform/developers/conversation-api/overview)

### Conversation APIs

Comprehensive APIs and SDKs to consume your NLX applications across any channel and modality.
[LINK: SDK for conversational UIs Add chat, voice, and Voice+™ capabilities to your website or mobile app in minutes. Extend with only a dozen lines of code or engineer from the ground up yourself.](https://docs.nlx.ai/platform/developers/conversation-sdk/touchpoint)

### SDK for conversational UIs

Add chat, voice, and Voice+™ capabilities to your website or mobile app in minutes. Extend with only a dozen lines of code or engineer from the ground up yourself.

## Real conversations. Real results.

“Now if a customer needs help, we can use all our channels. And if we don’t want to fully automate a certain type of call, NLX can still orchestrate the call route, so they get to the right agents.”
“The maturity of the platform allowed us to have very human-like interaction with the technicians that made them want to contribute and have input. It creates a sense of ownership with the actual users that we haven't seen with other products that we’ve built.”
“With this technology, our intention is to enhance our teams’ capabilities, enabling them to work smarter. By automating routine tasks, we’re empowering our teams to focus on higher-value interactions that require human judgment, creativity and care.”

--------------------