# Nuhfer 2016
**URL:** https://digitalcommons.usf.edu/numeracy/vol9/iss1/art4
**Page Title:** "Using Random Numbers to Understand Self-Assessed Competence" by Edward Nuhfer, Christopher Cogan et al.
--------------------

- My Account
- FAQ
- About This IR
- Scholar Commons
Home > Open Access Journals > NUMERACY > Vol. 9 (2016) > Iss. 1

## Random Number Simulations Reveal How Random Noise Affects the Measurements and Graphical Portrayals of Self-Assessed Competency

## Authors

Edward Nuhfer , California State University (retired) Follow Christopher Cogan , Independent Consultant Follow Steven Fleisher , California State University - Channel Islands Follow Eric Gaze , Bowdoin College Follow Karl Wirth , Macalester College Follow
[LINK: Follow](https://network.bepress.com/api/follow/subscribe?user=NWQxMWJmNTg0MDllYjY2NA%3D%3D&institution=OTRiYWEyMzc2ZjUxMzdkZQ%3D%3D&format=html)
[LINK: Follow](https://network.bepress.com/api/follow/subscribe?user=MjA0MDQyYjJhNTdkY2YxZg%3D%3D&institution=OTRiYWEyMzc2ZjUxMzdkZQ%3D%3D&format=html)
[LINK: Follow](https://network.bepress.com/api/follow/subscribe?user=ODM5YTlhM2VjMmY1NGIxMg%3D%3D&institution=OTRiYWEyMzc2ZjUxMzdkZQ%3D%3D&format=html)
[LINK: Follow](https://network.bepress.com/api/follow/subscribe?user=YzU1NDY0N2Q0M2NkN2FmYw%3D%3D&institution=OTRiYWEyMzc2ZjUxMzdkZQ%3D%3D&format=html)
[LINK: Follow](https://network.bepress.com/api/follow/subscribe?user=N2JhOTExMTk1OTI3OWNjOA%3D%3D&institution=OTRiYWEyMzc2ZjUxMzdkZQ%3D%3D&format=html)

## Keywords

self-assessment, Dunning-Kruger Effect, knowledge surveys, reliability, graphs, numeracy, random number simulation, noise, signal

## Abstract

Self-assessment measures of competency are blends of an authentic self-assessment signal that researchers seek to measure and random disorder or "noise" that accompanies that signal. In this study, we use random number simulations to explore how random noise affects critical aspects of self-assessment investigations: reliability, correlation, critical sample size, and the graphical representations of self-assessment data. We show that graphical conventions common in the self-assessment literature introduce artifacts that invite misinterpretation. Troublesome conventions include: ( y minus x ) v s. ( x ) scatterplots; ( y minus x ) vs. ( x ) column graphs aggregated as quantiles; line charts that display data aggregated as quantiles; and some histograms. Graphical conventions that generate minimal artifacts include scatterplots with a best-fit line that depict ( y ) vs. ( x ) measures (self-assessed competence vs. measured competence) plotted by individual participant scores, and ( y ) vs. ( x ) scatterplots of collective average measures of all participants plotted item-by-item. This last graphic convention attenuates noise and improves the definition of the signal. To provide relevant comparisons across varied graphical conventions, we use a single dataset derived from paired measures of 1154 participants' self-assessed competence and demonstrated competence in science literacy. Our results show that different numerical approaches employed in investigating and describing self-assessment accuracy are not equally valid. By modeling this dataset with random numbers, we show how recognizing the varied expressions of randomness in self-assessment data can improve the validity of numeracy-based descriptions of self-assessment.

## DOI

http://dx.doi.org/10.5038/1936-4660.9.1.4

## Recommended Citation

Nuhfer, Edward, Christopher Cogan, Steven Fleisher, Eric Gaze, and Karl Wirth.
    "Random Number Simulations Reveal How Random Noise Affects the Measurements and Graphical Portrayals of Self-Assessed Competency." Numeracy 9, Iss. 1 (2016): Article 4. DOI: http://dx.doi.org/10.5038/1936-4660.9.1.4

## Creative Commons License

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial 4.0 License
Supplemental Content
8,919 DOWNLOADS
Since January 07, 2016
PlumX Metrics Citations Citation Indexes: 1 Usage Abstract Views: 17716 Downloads: 12080 Captures Readers: 47 Mentions Blog Mentions: 9 News Mentions: 14 References: 4 Social Media Shares, Likes & Comments: 46 see details
- Citations Citation Indexes: 1
- Citation Indexes: 1
- Usage Abstract Views: 17716 Downloads: 12080
- Abstract Views: 17716
- Downloads: 12080
- Captures Readers: 47
- Readers: 47
- Mentions Blog Mentions: 9 News Mentions: 14 References: 4
- Blog Mentions: 9
- News Mentions: 14
- References: 4
- Social Media Shares, Likes & Comments: 46
- Shares, Likes & Comments: 46
Business Commons , Chemistry Commons , Higher Education Commons , Life Sciences Commons , Psychology Commons , Science and Mathematics Education Commons , Sociology Commons

## Share

- Journal Home
- About This Journal
- Editorial Board
- Instructions to Authors
- Ethics and Malpractice Statement
- Submit Article
- Most Popular Papers
- Receive Email Notices or RSS

## Search

Advanced Search
ISSN: 1936-4660 (Online)
Hosted By:
Scholar Commons | About This IR | FAQ | My Account | Accessibility Statement
Privacy Copyright

## Cookie Preference Center

### Manage Consent Preferences

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.

### Cookie List


--------------------