# OlympicCoder-32B
**URL:** https://huggingface.co/open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B
**Page Title:** open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B · Hugging Face
--------------------


## Model Card for OlympicCoder-32B

OlympicCoder-32B is a code model that achieves very strong performance on competitive coding benchmarks such as LiveCodeBench andthe 2024 International Olympiad in Informatics.
- Repository: https://github.com/huggingface/open-r1
[LINK: https://github.com/huggingface/open-r1](https://github.com/huggingface/open-r1)
- Blog post: https://huggingface.co/blog/open-r1/update-3

## Model description

- Model type: A 32B parameter model fine-tuned on a decontaminated version of the codeforces dataset.
- Language(s) (NLP): Primarily English
- License: apache-2.0
- Finetuned from model: Qwen/Qwen2.5-Coder-32B-Instruct

## Evaluation

We compare the performance of OlympicCoder models on two main benchmarks for competitive coding:
- IOI'2024: 6 very challenging problems from the 2024 International Olympiad in Informatics. Models are allowed up to 50 submissions per problem.
[LINK: IOI'2024:](https://github.com/huggingface/ioi)
- LiveCodeBench: Python programming problems source from platforms like CodeForces and LeetCoder. We use the v4_v5 subset of livecodebench/code_generation_lite , which corresponds to 268 problems. We use lighteval to evaluate models on LiveCodeBench using the sampling parameters described here .
[LINK: LiveCodeBench:](https://livecodebench.github.io)
[LINK: here](https://github.com/huggingface/open-r1?tab=readme-ov-file#livecodebench)
The OlympicCoder models were post-trained exclusively on C++ solutions generated by DeepSeek-R1. As a result the performance on LiveCodeBench should be considered to be partially out-of-domain , since this expects models to output solutions in Python.

### IOI'24

### LiveCodeBench

## Usage

Here's how you can run the model using the pipeline() function from 🤗 Transformers:
To ensure that the model consistently outputs a long chain-of-thought, we have edited the chat template to prefill the first assistant turn with a <think> token. As a result, the outputs from this model will not show the opening <think> token if you use the model's generate() method.  To apply reinforcement learning with a format reward, either prepend the <think> token to the model's completions or amend the chat template to remove the prefill. Check out our blog post for more details.

## Training procedure

### Training hyper-parameters

The following hyperparameters were used during training on 16 H100 nodes:
- dataset: open-r1/codeforces-cots_decontaminated
- learning_rate: 4.0e-5
- train_batch_size: 1
- seed: 42
- packing: false
- distributed_type: fsdp
- num_devices: 128
- gradient_accumulation_steps: 1
- total_train_batch_size: 16
- optimizer: Adam with betas=(0.9,0.999) and epsilon=1e-08
- lr_scheduler_type: cosine_with_min_lr
- min_lr_rate: 0.1
- lr_scheduler_warmup_ratio: 0.03
- num_epochs: 10.0

## Model tree for open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B

Base model

## Dataset used to train open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B

## Spaces using open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B 2

## Collection including open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B

## Run 15,000+ Models Instantly

Inference Providers let you run inference on thousands of models served by our partners using a simple,
							unified, OpenAI-compatible serverless API ( Learn more ).
[LINK: Learn more](/docs/inference-providers)
open-r1/OlympicCoder-32B is supported by the following Inference Providers:

--------------------