# OneStream
**URL:** https://www.onestream.com
**Page Title:** Enterprise Finance Management | OneStream Software
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
In order to comply with your preferences, we’ll have to  use just one tiny cookie so that you’re not asked to make this choice  again.
To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Cookie Consent Page .
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Beeswax 1 Learn more about this provider checkForPermission Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 3 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 2 Learn more about this provider cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider GPS Used to determine whether the user is logged in on a YouTube account, when watching embedded videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie a.usbrowserspeed.com tracking.intentsify.io 2 userId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com zoominfo.com 5 _cfuvid [x5] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie documentation.onestream.com 2 ARRAffinity Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ARRAffinitySameSite Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com g2crowd.com js.hs-scripts.com qualified.com vimeo.com 6 __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie js.qualified.com 2 __cflb [x2] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie mountain.com 1 guid Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie px.mountain.com 1 tt Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie videos.onestream.com 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Beeswax 1 Learn more about this provider checkForPermission Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 3 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 2 Learn more about this provider cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider GPS Used to determine whether the user is logged in on a YouTube account, when watching embedded videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- a.usbrowserspeed.com tracking.intentsify.io 2 userId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com zoominfo.com 5 _cfuvid [x5] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- documentation.onestream.com 2 ARRAffinity Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ARRAffinitySameSite Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com g2crowd.com js.hs-scripts.com qualified.com vimeo.com 6 __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.qualified.com 2 __cflb [x2] Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- mountain.com 1 guid Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- px.mountain.com 1 tt Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- videos.onestream.com 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic and Analytic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie VWO 4 Learn more about this provider _vwo_nlsCache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analyze This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie js.qualified.com 1 __q_domainTest Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie onestream.com 8 _vis_opt_exp_#_combi Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_s Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_ds Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_referrer Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_sn Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie videos.onestream.com 6 #_m Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #_p [x4] Implements audio-files on the website, and determines how many and who have listened to these files. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ad_session_id This cookie is used to remember the visitor’s preferences such as language etc. across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie www.onestream.com 1 vwoSn This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- VWO 4 Learn more about this provider _vwo_nlsCache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analyze This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.qualified.com 1 __q_domainTest Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- onestream.com 8 _vis_opt_exp_#_combi Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_s Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_ds Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_referrer Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_sn Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- videos.onestream.com 6 #_m Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage #_p [x4] Implements audio-files on the website, and determines how many and who have listened to these files. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ad_session_id This cookie is used to remember the visitor’s preferences such as language etc. across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.onestream.com 1 vwoSn This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Beeswax 3 Learn more about this provider bito Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie bitoIsSecure Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie log/cnv Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Casale Media 3 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie DemandBase 2 Learn more about this provider tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 16 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker sa-user-id Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sa-user-id-v2 Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sa-user-id-v3 Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie StackAdapt 9 Learn more about this provider sa-user-id [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sa-user-id-v2 [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sa-user-id-v3 [x3] Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UIDM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie VWO 1 Learn more about this provider s.gif Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ttcontacts.com 1 api/audience/profile Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker videos.onestream.com 2 uuid This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie uuid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Beeswax 3 Learn more about this provider bito Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie bitoIsSecure Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie log/cnv Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Casale Media 3 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- DemandBase 2 Learn more about this provider tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 16 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker sa-user-id Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sa-user-id-v2 Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sa-user-id-v3 Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- StackAdapt 9 Learn more about this provider sa-user-id [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sa-user-id-v2 [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sa-user-id-v3 [x3] Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Telaria 2 Learn more about this provider tv_UIDM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- VWO 1 Learn more about this provider s.gif Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- ttcontacts.com 1 api/audience/profile Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- videos.onestream.com 2 uuid This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie uuid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. lunioSessionUUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 2 Learn more about this provider hs-cta-interactions#cta [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ZoomInfo 2 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie a.usbrowserspeed.com 1 tuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie documentation.onestream.com 1 coreState.licenseId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage js.qualified.com 2 __q_local_form_debug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __q_state_u9D2GzUYA7Yq4qNQ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie videos.onestream.com www.onestream.com 2 os_client_uid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.onestream.com 9 _vwo_nls_q_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-de Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-en Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-es Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-fr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-it Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage DETECTED_LOCALE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie entry_page Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage entry_page_full Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. lunioSessionUUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 2 Learn more about this provider hs-cta-interactions#cta [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- ZoomInfo 2 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- a.usbrowserspeed.com 1 tuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- documentation.onestream.com 1 coreState.licenseId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- js.qualified.com 2 __q_local_form_debug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __q_state_u9D2GzUYA7Yq4qNQ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- videos.onestream.com www.onestream.com 2 os_client_uid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.onestream.com 9 _vwo_nls_q_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-de Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-en Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-es Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-fr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage blog-filter-data-it Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage DETECTED_LOCALE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie entry_page Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage entry_page_full Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- OneStream Deepens Partnership with Microsoft OneStream and Microsoft are leading the Finance AI era together with an expanded partnership that will embed SensibleAI™ Agents into Microsoft 365. It’s no wonder OneStream was named Microsoft's 2025 SDC Partner of the Year for the Americas. Learn More

## OneStream Deepens Partnership with Microsoft

OneStream and Microsoft are leading the Finance AI era together with an expanded partnership that will embed SensibleAI™ Agents into Microsoft 365. It’s no wonder OneStream was named Microsoft's 2025 SDC Partner of the Year for the Americas.
- Predict the Unpredictable. With AI-Powered Planning. You can’t tame tariffs. But you can plan for them. With OneStream SensibleAI, you can speed planning by 86%. Improve forecast accuracy by nearly 30%. And model any scenario to adapt to whatever comes next. Demo Sign Up

## Predict the Unpredictable. With AI-Powered Planning.

You can’t tame tariffs. But you can plan for them. With OneStream SensibleAI, you can speed planning by 86%. Improve forecast accuracy by nearly 30%. And model any scenario to adapt to whatever comes next.
- OneStream Named a 5X Leader by Gartner in Financial Planning Software Gartner® named OneStream a 5X Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Planning Software and a 3X Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Close and Consolidation Solutions. Download the Reports to Learn More Gartner Reports

## OneStream Named a 5X Leader by Gartner in Financial Planning Software

Gartner® named OneStream a 5X Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Planning Software and a 3X Leader in the 2025 Magic Quadrant™ for Financial Close and Consolidation Solutions.
Download the Reports to Learn More
- Experience Modern Finance - On Demand Stream all the innovation and customer success from OneStream Splash -- free and On Demand. Full keynote and highlights now playing at the Splash Experience Hub. Watch for free

## Experience Modern Finance - On Demand

Stream all the innovation and customer success from OneStream Splash -- free and On Demand. Full keynote and highlights now playing at the Splash Experience Hub.

## Transform Your Finance Organization

Move from data silos to strategic success with revolutionary FP&A.
Unify, automate, streamline, and simplify your financial close.
The transformative power of artificial intelligence + machine learning.
Convert your data into strategy, spanning forecasts to financial goals.

## See How Organizations Take Finance Further with OneStream

## Master Modern Finance

Surge ahead in today’s business environment by unifying your financial and operational data into a single source of truth with OneStream. Our packaged applied AI solutions are purpose-built for finance. Automate core tasks and transform your finance team into strategic advisors. For accurate reporting, strategic decision-making, and staying ahead of trends, OneStream equips you with the tools to excel in today's dynamic financial landscape.
Uniquely Unified
Seamlessly Integrate Finance + Operations
Stop wrangling information and start making a bigger impact on finance and operations. Imagine accessing all your data for financial close, planning, account reconciliation, and more—from just one platform. OneStream unifies all your financial and operational data so you can achieve new levels of insight across every level of the organization.
AI-Powered
Supercharge Decisions with Purpose-Built AI
OneStream uses the power of artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) to turbocharge decision-making and boost productivity so you can plan faster, forecast with greater accuracy, and empower every employee to perform at their best.
Infinitely Extensible
Meet Your Unique Needs Today and Tomorrow
Power data-driven decisions across sales, people planning, and more as your business evolves. Extend the power of the OneStream platform to keep teams at every level informed – without adding technical debt.

## Finance Champions

Polaris, a leading powersports vehicle maker, used machine learning to revolutionize financial planning and forecasting. By migrating to OneStream and adopting AI tools, Polaris enhanced forecasting accuracy, improved collaboration, and streamlined financial operations. Discover how they transformed their financial planning using our innovative solutions.

## Satisfied Customers

## A Leader in Finance.

## Take Finance Further.

OneStream is the only enterprise finance platform that seamlessly unifies all your financial and operational data, embeds AI to boost productivity, and adapts to fit your unique needs.

--------------------