# ONNX
**URL:** https://onnx.ai
**Page Title:** ONNX | Home
--------------------


## Open Neural Network Exchange

The open standard for machine learning interoperability
ONNX is an open format built to represent machine learning
                                models. ONNX defines a common set of operators - the building blocks of machine learning and deep learning models - and a common file format to enable AI developers to use models with a variety of frameworks, tools, runtimes, and compilers. LEARN
                                    MORE

## KEY BENEFITS

## Interoperability

Develop in your preferred framework without worrying about downstream inferencing implications. ONNX enables you to use your preferred framework with your chosen inference engine.

## Hardware Access

ONNX makes it easier to access hardware optimizations. Use ONNX-compatible runtimes and libraries designed to maximize performance across hardware.

## COMMUNITY

ONNX is a
                                        community
                                        project.
Our active community thrives under our open governance structure, which provides transparency and inclusion. We encourage you to engage and contribute.
[LINK: Join a Special Interest Group (SIG)](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/main/community/sigs.md#sigs---special-interest-groups)
[LINK: Join a Working Group](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/main/community/working-groups.md#working-groups)
[LINK: Check out our contribution guide](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#development)

## WE ARE AN LFAI GRADUATE PROJECT

## NEWS AND ANNOUNCEMENTS

### Recordings of the 2025 ONNX Community Meetup online

Recordings could be found at…

### Register now for 2025 ONNX Community Meetup

Join us for the upcoming ONNX Community Meetup, sponsored by Intel and the LF AI & Data Foundation, on June…

### List of candidates for ONNX Steering Committee election.

Active contributors to the ONNX project will be requested to vote from May 12 to May 19th. Elected Steering…

--------------------