# OpenStack
**URL:** https://www.openstack.org
**Page Title:** Open Source Cloud Computing Infrastructure - OpenStack
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Adobe Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider AKA_A2 This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Eventbrite 1 Learn more about this provider SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Openstack 2 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID [x2] Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Sharethis 1 Learn more about this provider __sharethis_cookie_test__ This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie myfonts.net t.co vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie secure.na1.echocdn.com 1 cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adobe Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider AKA_A2 This cookie is necessary for the cache function. A cache is used by the website to optimize the response time between the visitor and the website. The cache is usually stored on the visitor’s browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Eventbrite 1 Learn more about this provider SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Openstack 2 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID [x2] Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Sharethis 1 Learn more about this provider __sharethis_cookie_test__ This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- myfonts.net t.co vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- secure.na1.echocdn.com 1 cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider G Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie SS Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Openstack 1 Learn more about this provider @@scroll# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage YouTube 6 Learn more about this provider yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider G Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie SS Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Openstack 1 Learn more about this provider @@scroll# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- YouTube 6 Learn more about this provider yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider guest Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie SP Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Linkedin 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie Quantcast 2 Learn more about this provider _dlt Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __qca Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter. The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website on his/her Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider guest Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie SP Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Linkedin 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Quantcast 2 Learn more about this provider _dlt Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __qca Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter. The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website on his/her Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider fbssls_# Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Eventbrite 5 Learn more about this provider AN Implements and collects data on the user’s interaction with the EventBrite-integration. This service is used to promote and sell tickets to events across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie ebEventToTrack Implements and collects data on the user’s interaction with the EventBrite-integration. This service is used to promote and sell tickets to events across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie eblang Implements and collects data on the user’s interaction with the EventBrite-integration. This service is used to promote and sell tickets to events across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie mgref Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie mgrefby Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 8 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MR Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie SurveyMonkey 1 Learn more about this provider ep# Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage twitter.com x.com 2 guest_id [x2] Collects anonymous data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider fbssls_# Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Eventbrite 5 Learn more about this provider AN Implements and collects data on the user’s interaction with the EventBrite-integration. This service is used to promote and sell tickets to events across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie ebEventToTrack Implements and collects data on the user’s interaction with the EventBrite-integration. This service is used to promote and sell tickets to events across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie eblang Implements and collects data on the user’s interaction with the EventBrite-integration. This service is used to promote and sell tickets to events across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie mgref Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie mgrefby Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 8 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MR Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- SurveyMonkey 1 Learn more about this provider ep# Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 16 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- twitter.com x.com 2 guest_id [x2] Collects anonymous data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider feds_location Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider AS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie stableId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Imgur 1 Learn more about this provider postpagebeta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 776 months Type : HTTP Cookie Openstack 5 Learn more about this provider GetTextLocale [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie user_date [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie persist:root_dE73lGJBmKDSka1nhz6W~d2HG.6T6ImB.openstack.client Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage secure.na1.echocdn.com 1 DWRSESSIONID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider feds_location Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Eventbrite 2 Learn more about this provider AS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie stableId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Imgur 1 Learn more about this provider postpagebeta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 776 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Openstack 5 Learn more about this provider GetTextLocale [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie user_date [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie persist:root_dE73lGJBmKDSka1nhz6W~d2HG.6T6ImB.openstack.client Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- secure.na1.echocdn.com 1 DWRSESSIONID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie

## The Most Widely Deployed Open Source Cloud Software in the World

Deployed by thousands. Proven production at scale. OpenStack is a set of software components that provide common services for cloud infrastructure.
OpenStack is developed by the community. For the community. Learn how to contribute ⮕

## Meet the Global Leaders Powering the Future of Open Source Infrastructure

Together, the Linux Foundation and the OpenInfra Foundation unite their growing, vibrant, global ecosystems to empower users and developers with trusted open source solutions.

## Cloud Infrastructure for Virtual Machines, Bare Metal, and Containers

Openstack controls large pools of compute, storage, and networking resources, all managed through APIs or a dashboard.
Beyond standard infrastructure-as-a-service functionality, additional components provide orchestration, fault management and service management amongst other services to ensure high availability of user applications.

## On-Premises

## Public Cloud

## At the Edge

## Latest Release: OpenStack 2025.2 ‘Flamingo’

## Marketplace Spotlight

## OpenInfra Foundation Member Spotlight

## The World Runs on OpenStack

OpenStack is trusted to manage 40 Million+ cores around the world, across dozens of industries.

## Blizzard Entertainment

Video game developer, Blizzard Entertainment, implements OpenStack autoscaling to support running video games, like best-selling game Overwatch, in the cloud.
Video game developer, Blizzard Entertainment, implements OpenStack autoscaling to support running video games, like best-selling game Overwatch, in the cloud.

## Walmart

Walmart is the largest company in the world with 11,000 stores and over 80 million monthly website visitors. To manage e-commerce, including peak shopping times like Black Friday, Walmart relies on its OpenStack cloud with over 170,000 cores in more than 30 regions.
Walmart is the largest company in the world with 11,000 stores and over 80 million monthly website visitors. To manage e-commerce, including peak shopping times like Black Friday, Walmart relies on its OpenStack cloud with over 170,000 cores in more than 30 regions.

## China Mobile

China Mobile’s telecom network has more than 800 million subscribers and 3 million base stations. China Mobile is now building up the biggest NFV network based on OpenStack with more than 50,000 servers in the network.
China Mobile’s telecom network has more than 800 million subscribers and 3 million base stations. China Mobile is now building up the biggest NFV network based on OpenStack with more than 50,000 servers in the network.
OpenStack is a top - level open infrastructure project supported by the OpenInfra Foundation

### Subscribe to News About OpenStack

Stay up to date on OpenStack and the Open Infrastructure community.

--------------------