# OpenSpace
**URL:** https://www.openspace.ai
**Page Title:** OpenSpace: The Visual Intelligence Platform for Builders
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
We use cookies to analyze our traffic, personalize content and ads, and to provide social media features. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services.
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Eyeota 1 Learn more about this provider SERVERID This cookie is used to assign the visitor to a specific server - this function is necessary for the functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Spreaker 1 Learn more about this provider object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage challenges.cloudflare.com editmarketingopenspaceaizendeskcom.zendesk.com vimeo.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie editmarketingopenspaceaizendeskcom.zendesk.com get.openspace.ai t.co vimeo.com 5 __cf_bm [x5] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie get.openspace.ai 1 BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie get.openspace.ai consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Eyeota 1 Learn more about this provider SERVERID This cookie is used to assign the visitor to a specific server - this function is necessary for the functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spreaker 1 Learn more about this provider object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- challenges.cloudflare.com editmarketingopenspaceaizendeskcom.zendesk.com vimeo.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- editmarketingopenspaceaizendeskcom.zendesk.com get.openspace.ai t.co vimeo.com 5 __cf_bm [x5] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- get.openspace.ai 1 BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- get.openspace.ai consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider vidyardSettings Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.openspace.ai 1 adroll#adroll Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider vidyardSettings Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider #.#.clientId Identifies the visitor across devices and visits, in order to optimize the chat-box function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.openspace.ai 1 adroll#adroll Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. __gtm_campaign_url Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider _sp_root_domain_test_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PubMatic 1 Learn more about this provider PugT Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider visitorId Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage player.captivate.fm 1 listenerId Implements audio-files on the website, and determines how many and who have listened to these files. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. __gtm_campaign_url Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider _sp_root_domain_test_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- New Relic 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- PubMatic 1 Learn more about this provider PugT Used to determine the number of times the cookies have been updated in the visitor's browser. Used to optimize the website's server efficiency. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider visitorId Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- player.captivate.fm 1 listenerId Implements audio-files on the website, and determines how many and who have listened to these files. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Adroll 3 Learn more about this provider __adroll Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie cm/#/out Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker cm/g/in Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Adroll Group 6 Learn more about this provider __adroll_shared Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie __adroll_fpc Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie adroll_flgs Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __adroll_consent_params Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __ar_v4 Optimises ad display based on the user's movement combined and various advertiser bids for displaying user ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _te_ Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Bidswitch 1 Learn more about this provider sync Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Openx 1 Learn more about this provider w/1.0/sd Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker PubMatic 2 Learn more about this provider AdServer/Pug Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker KRTBCOOKIE_# Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Tapad 4 Learn more about this provider idsync/ex/receive/check This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie TapAd_DID Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie TapAd_TS Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie Triplelift 1 Learn more about this provider xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Twitter Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage adroll.com d.adroll.com 2 receive-cookie-deprecation [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie spotify.com d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net 2 sp_t [x2] Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie www.openspace.ai 1 utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adroll 3 Learn more about this provider __adroll Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie cm/#/out Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker cm/g/in Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Adroll Group 6 Learn more about this provider __adroll_shared Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie __adroll_fpc Used to identify the visitor across visits and devices. This allows the website to present the visitor with relevant advertisement - The service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie adroll_flgs Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __adroll_consent_params Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __ar_v4 Optimises ad display based on the user's movement combined and various advertiser bids for displaying user ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _te_ Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Bidswitch 1 Learn more about this provider sync Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Casale Media 4 Learn more about this provider CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Google 5 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Openx 1 Learn more about this provider w/1.0/sd Registers data on visitors such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of OpenX.net services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- PubMatic 2 Learn more about this provider AdServer/Pug Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker KRTBCOOKIE_# Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Tapad 4 Learn more about this provider idsync/ex/receive/check This cookie is set by the audience manager of the website to determine the time and frequencies of visitor data synchronization - cookie data synchronization is used to synchronize and gather visitor data from several websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS Used for data-synchronization with advertisement networks. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie TapAd_DID Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie TapAd_TS Used to determine what type of devices (smartphones, tablets, computers, TVs etc.) is used by a user. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Triplelift 1 Learn more about this provider xuid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Twitter Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider i/adsct [x2] The cookie is used by Twitter.com in order to determine the number of visitors accessing the website through Twitter advertisement content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- adroll.com d.adroll.com 2 receive-cookie-deprecation [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- spotify.com d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net 2 sp_t [x2] Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.openspace.ai 1 utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Adroll 1 Learn more about this provider cm/mk/5DF4ZCY6CBHMFF2PA4QZ7E/in Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Adroll Group 1 Learn more about this provider adroll_dqs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Amazon 8 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider gh-test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_job-board-renderer-tracker Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Spotify 4 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider {"words":[#,#,#,#,#],"sigBytes":20} Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ZoomInfo 2 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage openspace.ai 1 osPageCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.openspace.ai 4 STYXKEY_dpi_test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie STYXKEY_dpi_utmOrigVals Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie STYXKEY_dpi_utmVals Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie STYXKEY_STYXKEY_dpi_test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adroll 1 Learn more about this provider cm/mk/5DF4ZCY6CBHMFF2PA4QZ7E/in Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Adroll Group 1 Learn more about this provider adroll_dqs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 8 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Greenhouse 2 Learn more about this provider gh-test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_job-board-renderer-tracker Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Spotify 4 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Vidyard 1 Learn more about this provider {"words":[#,#,#,#,#],"sigBytes":20} Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- ZoomInfo 2 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- openspace.ai 1 osPageCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.openspace.ai 4 STYXKEY_dpi_test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie STYXKEY_dpi_utmOrigVals Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie STYXKEY_dpi_utmVals Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie STYXKEY_STYXKEY_dpi_test Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie

## Always visible. Never in doubt.

The Visual Intelligence Platform for builders— clarity on every project.

## What makes up our Visual Intelligence Platform?

Our products deliver real-time insights from the field. Intelligence from images you can act on.

### OpenSpace Capture

A complete visual record of your projects.
View product page

### OpenSpace Air

Simple, all-in-one tool to manage drone imagery.
View product page

### OpenSpace BIM+

3D tools that simplify daily tasks for the field.
View product page

### OpenSpace Progress Tracking

Flexible and reliable solution for clear progress on every project.
View product page

## Better decisions, faster.

Visual intelligence for every team, across the project lifecycle.

### General Contractors

Capture your site, see reality, and build better.
Learn more

### Trades

Connect your crew, stay on top of quality, and keep rolling.
Learn more

### Owners

See progress, spot issues, and stay in control across the building lifecycle.
Learn more

## From seeing to doing

See clearer. Avoid delays. Get it done.

### Capture everything

See everything happening on your jobsite. In one platform. It’s a snap to capture how you want—with smartphones, 360° cameras, drones, and laser scanners.

### Turn imagery into intelligence

Your captures, timestamped and mapped to your plans and BIM—automatically. Add your expert insights on the spot, even with just your voice . Make better and faster decisions.

### Put intelligence into action

Now all your teams can work as one team. With Visual Intelligence on every smartphone you can keep the job moving. Plus OpenSpace integrates with tools you already use to fit right into your flow.

## Trusted by builders around the world

OpenSpace is the front end of construction—built for the field. AI-powered workflows get smarter every day using images and expert field input, for jobsite intelligence everyone can put to work.
60 billion
square feet captured
129
countries we serve

## Visual Intelligence, by the numbers

Read our customer stories. See the real ROI of Visual Intelligence:
1 month
Accelerated project delivery
View case study
50%
Reduction in travel costs
View case study
15%
Under budget
View case study
20%
Reduction in scheduling delays
View case study
95%
Faster site documentation
View case study
100x
More complete documentation
View case study
$10K
Avoided rework and back charges
View case study

## Smart integrations

Integrated workflows. New levels of efficiency. OpenSpace works how you work—connected with the tools you use.
Learn about integrations

## MAPP Construction + OpenSpace Inspiration from the Liberation Pavilion at the National WWII Museum

OpenSpace was honored to be MAPP’s reality capture technology partner, helping the company save 20-30% of the super’s time through efficient communication and integration with Procore.

## News & media

### Blog 2025: An inspirational year of innovation & building

Written by Jeevan Kalanithi • December 18, 2025
Read more

### News OpenSpace Is Using AI To Create A Visual Timeline Of Projects

December 30, 2025
Learn more

## Events

### Virtual OpenSpace for trades: build smarter with visual jobsite intelligence

January 28, 2026 • 2pm AEDT (Australian Eastern Daylight Time)
Learn more

### Virtual Interactive demo: OpenSpace Progress Tracking

January 29, 2026 • 10am PT
Learn more

## Ready to see what's really happening on your sites?

## This OpenSpace site doesn’t match your location.

Would you prefer to switch to our English language website where you’ll see regional content and events? Select your preference below.

## Diese OpenSpace-Website passt nicht zu Ihrem Standort.

Möchten Sie lieber zu unserer deutschsprachigen Website wechseln, auf der Sie regionale Inhalte und Veranstaltungen finden? Wählen Sie unten Ihre Präferenz aus.

## Deze OpenSpace website komt niet overeen met jouw locatie.

Wil je liever overschakelen naar onze Nederlandstalige website voor regionale inhoud en evenementen? Selecteer hieronder jouw voorkeur.

## この OpenSpace サイトはあなたの所在地と一致しません。

地域のコンテンツやイベントが表示される英語 Web サイトに切り替えたいですか? 以下から好みを選択してください。

--------------------