# OTRS
**URL:** https://otrs.com
**Page Title:** OTRS | Software Solutions for Customer Service, ITSM, ISMS and Cyber Defense
--------------------

Home
The leading solution for your service management needs

## OTRS Software Solutions

## Use Cases

Simplify customer service and support operations with OTRS. Our platform offers customizable solutions for a wide range of business units, from IT to HR. With features like ticket management, automation, and reporting, OTRS can help your organization provide exceptional service to all customers.
- Blog
Intelligent Automation: Definition, Background, and Applications
Anyone who brings clarity to the AI jungle has a good chance of turning the countless and initially hypothetical benefits of AI into real …
How to Achieve 2026 Budget Targets with Data-Driven ITSM
As organizations enter 2026, IT leaders face a familiar but increasingly pressing challenge: meeting business expectations, while operating under tighter financial constraints.

This makes the …
Outlook: How SMBs Will Succeed with IT in 2026
The focus is fixed on the year 2026 and its challenges, but also on its opportunities. Especially for small and medium-sized businesses (SMBs), it …
Change Management Software: Solutions, Comparison, Interdependencies
Change management processes are among the most critical undertakings that organizations have to face. Transformation and change are associated with many uncertainties, ranging from …
Service Level Management: Benefits and Application in the Ticketing System
Expectations and reality often differ. With intelligent Service Level Management (SLM) – also called service quality management – a different picture emerges: this way, …
The Future of Service Management: Automation, AI and Beyond IT
As organizations prepare their strategies for 2026, service management stands at an important turning point. The coming year will bring rapid technological shifts, rising …

## Success Stories

## Privacy Prefrences

Life is short, but our cookie policy isn't. If you fully accept, you're agreeing to let us make your online journey a little sweeter. Cheers to cookies and clicking!
If you are under 16 and wish to give consent to optional services, you must ask your legal guardians’ for permission.
Personal data may be processed (e.g. IP addresses), for example, for personalized ads and content or ad and content measurement.
You can find more information about the use of your data in our privacy policy .
You can revoke or adjust your selection at any time under Settings .

--------------------