# OWOX BI SQL Copilot
**URL:** https://www.owox.com/products/sql-copilot
**Page Title:** OWOX BI SQL Copilot for BigQuery | AI-Driven SQL Query Generation
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Github 2 Learn more about this provider logged_in Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _gh_sess Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LeadQuizzes 1 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 14 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Owox 1 Learn more about this provider dmn_chk_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie apollo.io calendly.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie calendly.com challenges.cloudflare.com owox.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie consent.cookiebot.com streaming.bi.owox.com 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Github 2 Learn more about this provider logged_in Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _gh_sess Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement)
- LeadQuizzes 1 Learn more about this provider PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 14 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Owox 1 Learn more about this provider dmn_chk_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- apollo.io calendly.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- calendly.com challenges.cloudflare.com owox.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- consent.cookiebot.com streaming.bi.owox.com 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Pendo 1 Learn more about this provider data/guide.gif/#-#-#-#-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Wistia 1 Learn more about this provider wistia-video-progress-# Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pendo 1 Learn more about this provider data/guide.gif/#-#-#-#-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Wistia 1 Learn more about this provider wistia-video-progress-# Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Getsitecontrol 2 Learn more about this provider gsc Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gscs Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Github 1 Learn more about this provider _octo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 11 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x4] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid [x4] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Owox 5 Learn more about this provider ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Pendo 2 Learn more about this provider pendo_cd Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage data/ptm.gif/4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Segment 2 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.embedly.com fast.wistia.net 2 wistia [x2] Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.sprig.com 1 userleap.ids This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Getsitecontrol 2 Learn more about this provider gsc Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gscs Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Github 1 Learn more about this provider _octo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement)
- Google 11 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x4] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid [x4] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Owox 5 Learn more about this provider ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Pendo 2 Learn more about this provider pendo_cd Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage data/ptm.gif/4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Segment 2 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
- cdn.embedly.com fast.wistia.net 2 wistia [x2] Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.sprig.com 1 userleap.ids This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 1 Learn more about this provider ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider insight_tag_errors.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Owox 2 Learn more about this provider ouid [x2] Sets an ID-string for the specific visitor. This is used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry. This allows the website to register the visitor’s behaviour and facilitate the social media sharing function provided by Addthis.com. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Pendo 1 Learn more about this provider pendo_tabId Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 4 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Segment 5 Learn more about this provider __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 1 Learn more about this provider ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider insight_tag_errors.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Owox 2 Learn more about this provider ouid [x2] Sets an ID-string for the specific visitor. This is used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry. This allows the website to register the visitor’s behaviour and facilitate the social media sharing function provided by Addthis.com. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pendo 1 Learn more about this provider pendo_tabId Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Reddit 4 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Segment 5 Learn more about this provider __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
- YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Calendly 5 Learn more about this provider _cache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pendo-4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9#guides Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#chunkUploads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#pendingCaptures Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB LeadQuizzes 1 Learn more about this provider deployData Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Owox 4 Learn more about this provider starlight-theme Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage UA-154758-11 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ga4/d46a6af6de626a7d8a13155b08aad73a/_/service_worker/6150/sw_iframe.html Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ga4/d46a6af6de626a7d8a13155b08aad73a/g/collect Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Pendo 6 Learn more about this provider _pendo_guides_blocked.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_meta.01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_sessionId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_utm.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_visitorId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage previous_page_loads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider _rdt_em [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie assets.apollo.io 2 apolloAnonId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage eventQueue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 676a9690ef4ec151a6957187#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB cdn.sprig.com 1 sprig.anon.env.vid.map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Calendly 5 Learn more about this provider _cache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pendo-4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9#guides Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#chunkUploads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#pendingCaptures Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- LeadQuizzes 1 Learn more about this provider deployData Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Owox 4 Learn more about this provider starlight-theme Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage UA-154758-11 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ga4/d46a6af6de626a7d8a13155b08aad73a/_/service_worker/6150/sw_iframe.html Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ga4/d46a6af6de626a7d8a13155b08aad73a/g/collect Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Pendo 6 Learn more about this provider _pendo_guides_blocked.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_meta.01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_sessionId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_utm.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_visitorId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage previous_page_loads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider _rdt_em [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- assets.apollo.io 2 apolloAnonId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage eventQueue Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 676a9690ef4ec151a6957187#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- cdn.sprig.com 1 sprig.anon.env.vid.map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
[LINK: docs.owox.com](https://docs.owox.com)

## Generate SQL Queries 50х Faster with AI

OWOX BI SQL Copilot automatically connects to your database and empowers data and business teams to create accurate SQL effortlessly — free of charge.

## Empower Your SQL Skills with AI Precision

### Transform how you interact with your database — faster, smarter, and error-free

## Seamless Database Integration

OWOX BI SQL Copilot offers direct and secure integration with Google BigQuery , allowing immediate access to your table schemas (for other databases, you can share schemas manually).
Experience automated table schema detection, visual database relationship mapping to enhance data context understanding before querying data.

## Generate Сomplex SQL Based on Your Instructions

Use natural language to generate, dry-run, optimize, and debug SQL queries. From crafting complex joins to correcting syntax errors and formating, our AI-driven SQL Copilot handles it all, significantly reducing your coding time.

## Smart SQL Editing

Increase your database efficiency with AI-powered optimization .
SQL Copilot not only build new queries but also provides recommendations to change, update or enhance existing SQL queries to get exactly what you need.

## Extensive SQL Query Assistance

Whether you need to write new queries or optimize existing ones, SQL Copilot supports a broad range of SQL functionalities, including explaining and enhancing query structures for better understanding and performance

## AI Copilot Designed to Drive Your Success

### Rapid SQL Writing

Transform the way you interact with your database — no coding skills required. SQL Copilot allows you to generate and refine SQL queries to boost teams productivity.

### JOIN Keys Discovery

Easily identify the best keys for joining tables. AI SQL Assistant automatically suggests optimal join keys to ensure robust and efficient data queries.

### Visualize Data Relationships

Instantly understand how your data is connected. OWOX BI SQL Copilot visually maps database relationships, and provides you with downloadable image.

### Test, Optimize & Execute

Build, test, debug and run reliable SQL queries on a fly. Be sure that your reports are based on accurate and reliable data.

### Easy to Use

Skip the learning curve! OWOX BI SQL Copilot is designed for both SQL experts and beginners. Utilize the power of AI or create your own queries effortlessly.

### Save Time

Accelerate your data operations by avoiding back-and-forth between data teams and business users. Directly generate, optimize, and debug SQL in real-time, and deliver insightful reports.

### Empower Business Users

OWOX BI SQL Copilot enables anyone, from seasoned data analyst to business user, to generate and refine SQL queries using natural language 50X faster.

### 100% Data Ownership

Your data remains yours. You share only the schema of you data with SQL Copilot, your data never leaves your environment, ensuring complete security and compliance.

## Give Your Data the AI SuperPower

Unlock SQL query generation with OWOX BI SQL Copilot. Get started now and transform the way you handle your data

## Leading companies transform data in real-time with OWOX BI

The most valuable analytical tool
Cooperating with the OWOX BI team has been a pleasure. We’ve been using OWOX BI Pipeline...
Great Service!
We needed a solution that allowed us to keep a copy of all the analytics hits we were tracking. OWOX helped us do exactly that.
Great partner!
Thanks to the OWOX team we were able to collect the data necessary for us to be analyzed and...
Excellent solution
A transparent system that allows us to see what is happening with our data with excellent support team

## Master SQL with Our Expert Tutorials

How to Use SUBQUERIES in SQL with Examples
How to Split Cells in Google Sheets
What is a Query?

## Transform any data into actions

Spend less time on data preparation and more time making decisions that drive growth
- Book a personal demo to:
- Get an overview of OWOX BI to empower better data handling & reporting
- Learn about the clear data analytics workflow suitable for every business
- Receive a tailored solution for reaching your business goals faster

--------------------