# PhantomBuster
**URL:** https://phantombuster.com
**Page Title:** PhantomBuster | Real-time sales prospecting
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 4 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie api.phantombuster.com 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie api.phantombuster.com phantombuster.com 2 amplitude_device_id [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie c.disquscdn.com 2 __jid Used to add comments to the website and remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use said service. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie disqusauth Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie hubspot.com linkedin.com support.phantombuster.com twitter.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie hubspot.com support.phantombuster.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie phantombuster.com 3 elementor Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pb:referral Necessary for the functionality of the website Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 4 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.phantombuster.com 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.phantombuster.com phantombuster.com 2 amplitude_device_id [x2] Necessary for the functionality of the website Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- c.disquscdn.com 2 __jid Used to add comments to the website and remember the user's Disqus login credentials across websites that use said service. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie disqusauth Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- hubspot.com linkedin.com support.phantombuster.com twitter.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- hubspot.com support.phantombuster.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- phantombuster.com 3 elementor Used in context with the website's WordPress theme. The cookie allows the website owner to implement or change the website's content in real-time. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage pb:referral Necessary for the functionality of the website Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Poptin 1 Learn more about this provider poptin_previous_url Determines whether the user has made any subscriptions on the website, so that the website does not show subscription forms to the user, which already have been filled out. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie c.disquscdn.com 3 aet-dismiss Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage drafts.queue Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage submitted_posts_cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage static.ada.support 4 ada-embed_chat-assigned-version Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ada-embed_chat-manifest-cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ada-embed-assigned-version Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ada-embed-manifest-cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Poptin 1 Learn more about this provider poptin_previous_url Determines whether the user has made any subscriptions on the website, so that the website does not show subscription forms to the user, which already have been filled out. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- c.disquscdn.com 3 aet-dismiss Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage drafts.queue Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage submitted_posts_cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's comment-system. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- static.ada.support 4 ada-embed_chat-assigned-version Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ada-embed_chat-manifest-cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ada-embed-assigned-version Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ada-embed-manifest-cache Necessary for the functionality of the website's chat-box function. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie c.disquscdn.com 1 disqus_unique Collects statistics related to the user's visits to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and loaded pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.amplitude.com 5 AMP_unsent_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_MKTG_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TLDTEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- c.disquscdn.com 1 disqus_unique Collects statistics related to the user's visits to the website, such as number of visits, average time spent on the website and loaded pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.amplitude.com 5 AMP_unsent_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_MKTG_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TLDTEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Poptin 7 Learn more about this provider poptin_client_id Used in context with pop-up advertisement-content on the website. The cookie determines which ads the visitor should be shown, as well as ensuring that the same ads does not get shown more than intended. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_every_visit_session Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_new_user Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_origin_landing_page Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_old_user Used in context with pop-up advertisement-content on the website. The cookie determines which ads the visitor should be shown, as well as ensuring that the same ads does not get shown more than intended. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 days Type : HTTP Cookie poptin_session Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie poptin_user_id Used in context with pop-up advertisement-content on the website. The cookie determines which ads the visitor should be shown, as well as ensuring that the same ads does not get shown more than intended. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 33 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sibautomation.com phantombuster.com 2 sib_cuid [x2] Collects information on the user's website navigation and preferences - This is used to target potential newsletter based upon this information. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Poptin 7 Learn more about this provider poptin_client_id Used in context with pop-up advertisement-content on the website. The cookie determines which ads the visitor should be shown, as well as ensuring that the same ads does not get shown more than intended. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_every_visit_session Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_new_user Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_origin_landing_page Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_old_user Used in context with pop-up advertisement-content on the website. The cookie determines which ads the visitor should be shown, as well as ensuring that the same ads does not get shown more than intended. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 days Type : HTTP Cookie poptin_session Implements pop-up advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie poptin_user_id Used in context with pop-up advertisement-content on the website. The cookie determines which ads the visitor should be shown, as well as ensuring that the same ads does not get shown more than intended. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 33 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- sibautomation.com phantombuster.com 2 sib_cuid [x2] Collects information on the user's website navigation and preferences - This is used to target potential newsletter based upon this information. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. LinkedIn 8 Learn more about this provider PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_fp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Poptin 3 Learn more about this provider poptin_all_visited_pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_custom_new_visitor_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_last_visit Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie c.disquscdn.com 1 disqus.thread Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.amplitude.com 6 AMP_e1d8715969 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_remote_config_e1d8715969 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_URL_INFO Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_e1d8715969 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_e1d8715969_DEFAULT_USER_PROVIDER Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_unsent_$default_instance Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.announcekit.app 3 {announcekit}:# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage beacon_sid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage boostersViewsMap Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage client.protechts.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie phantombuster.com 8 AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#counters Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#histograms Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#internal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#tags Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB e1d8715969_amp_session_replay_events#sequencesToSend Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB e1d8715969_amp_session_replay_events#sessionCurrentSequence Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB pb:countryISOCode Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage static.ada.support 1 ada-functional-storage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 8 Learn more about this provider PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_fp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Poptin 3 Learn more about this provider poptin_all_visited_pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_custom_new_visitor_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage poptin_last_visit Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- c.disquscdn.com 1 disqus.thread Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.amplitude.com 6 AMP_e1d8715969 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_remote_config_e1d8715969 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_URL_INFO Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_e1d8715969 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_e1d8715969_DEFAULT_USER_PROVIDER Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_unsent_$default_instance Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.announcekit.app 3 {announcekit}:# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage beacon_sid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage boostersViewsMap Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- client.protechts.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- phantombuster.com 8 AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#counters Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#histograms Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#internal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AMP_diagnostics_e1d8715969#tags Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB e1d8715969_amp_session_replay_events#sequencesToSend Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB e1d8715969_amp_session_replay_events#sessionCurrentSequence Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB pb:countryISOCode Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- static.ada.support 1 ada-functional-storage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## Warm Leads. Every Day .

Run our automations 24/7 and find unique intent data that you can’t get anywhere else.
- 270K+ Automations launched daily
270K+
Automations launched daily
- 2.5M+ Satisfied users since 2016
2.5M+
Satisfied users since 2016
- 1M Unique leads generated everyday
Unique leads generated everyday

## A better way to build your sales pipeline

- Find fresh and unique leads Scan and extract live data from 15+ platforms to capture niche signals, monitor real-time activity, and surface leads in context, not from stale databases. See scraping automations

### Find fresh and unique leads

Scan and extract live data from 15+ platforms to capture niche signals, monitor real-time activity, and surface leads in context, not from stale databases.
- Build smarter lists, not just bigger ones Segment and enrich lists with 1,000+ live data points, from job changes to profile activity. Each lead matches your ICP and comes with a clear reason to engage. See enrichment solutions

### Build smarter lists, not just bigger ones

Segment and enrich lists with 1,000+ live data points, from job changes to profile activity. Each lead matches your ICP and comes with a clear reason to engage.
- Send personalized LinkedIn messages with AI. Feed your AI writer unique data to craft personalized messages that convert. Then trigger outreach flows including DMs, connection requests, likes, or event invites, all based on the signals each lead has shown. See outreach automations

### Send personalized LinkedIn messages with AI.

Feed your AI writer unique data to craft personalized messages that convert. Then trigger outreach flows including DMs, connection requests, likes, or event invites, all based on the signals each lead has shown.

## Generate leads effortlessly

### Quickly launch pre-built workflows

### We work with your existing tool stack

### Start capturing warm leads today

## 100,000+ sales pros are prospecting smarter right now

- 1 Lead Every 5 minutes
1 Lead
Every 5 minutes
- < 5 min Setup time from scratch
< 5 min
Setup time from scratch
- 40.0% Prospects reengaged
40.0%
Prospects reengaged
- 99.9% Deliverability
99.9%
Deliverability
- 1 Lead Every 5 minutes
1 Lead
Every 5 minutes
- < 5 min Setup time from scratch
< 5 min
Setup time from scratch
- 40.0% Prospects reengaged
40.0%
Prospects reengaged
- 99.9% Deliverability
99.9%
Deliverability
- 1 Lead Every 5 minutes
1 Lead
Every 5 minutes
- < 5 min Setup time from scratch
< 5 min
Setup time from scratch
- 40.0% Prospects reengaged
40.0%
Prospects reengaged
- 99.9% Deliverability
99.9%
Deliverability

## FAQ

- You can pull data from 15+ platforms like LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Slack and Facebook. We’re the only tool that provides real-time insights across such a wide range. Focus on the platforms that matter most to you and get real-time insights on your ideal customer.
You can pull data from 15+ platforms like LinkedIn, Twitter, Instagram, Slack and Facebook. We’re the only tool that provides real-time insights across such a wide range. Focus on the platforms that matter most to you and get real-time insights on your ideal customer.
- You can extract everything from detailed profile and company data to engagement info like comments and likes. Plus, you’ll gather contextual insights—like connection degrees and interactions—so you know you’re reaching out to people who are ready to hear from you.
You can extract everything from detailed profile and company data to engagement info like comments and likes. Plus, you’ll gather contextual insights—like connection degrees and interactions—so you know you’re reaching out to people who are ready to hear from you.
- Great, enrich it! And then monitor it for insights like job changes and social engagement. This makes your outreach more personal and effective. Plus we keep your data fresh by updating any outdated information.
Great, enrich it! And then monitor it for insights like job changes and social engagement. This makes your outreach more personal and effective. Plus we keep your data fresh by updating any outdated information.
- Our real-time sourcing helps you capture changes as they happen. This delivers richer insights that are often missing from stagnant database products. By sourcing live social media platforms, you’re always working with the most current information. You catch the latest signals, such as job changes or new social interactions, ensuring precise targeting and enhanced response rates.
Our real-time sourcing helps you capture changes as they happen. This delivers richer insights that are often missing from stagnant database products. By sourcing live social media platforms, you’re always working with the most current information. You catch the latest signals, such as job changes or new social interactions, ensuring precise targeting and enhanced response rates.
- Absolutely! We give you the flexibility to filter your data based on 1,000+ data points, including industry, location, job title, and more. Our AI Phantoms can be used to clean data (e.g. job titles), or score and segment your leads. This helps you focus on the leads that match your ICP for more effective prospecting.
Absolutely! We give you the flexibility to filter your data based on 1,000+ data points, including industry, location, job title, and more. Our AI Phantoms can be used to clean data (e.g. job titles), or score and segment your leads. This helps you focus on the leads that match your ICP for more effective prospecting.
- Yes! You can send personalized messages (and follow-ups) at scale to your targeted leads, saving you time while still keeping a personal touch. If you use HubSpot as your CRM, you can also automatically log all your LinkedIn outreach activity directly into HubSpot for seamless tracking.
Yes! You can send personalized messages (and follow-ups) at scale to your targeted leads, saving you time while still keeping a personal touch. If you use HubSpot as your CRM, you can also automatically log all your LinkedIn outreach activity directly into HubSpot for seamless tracking.
- We believe in doing things the right way. We only automate actions through your own account, never using fake profiles or accessing data you wouldn’t see yourself. Plus, we’re serious about protecting your online reputation—our tools aren’t for spamming, and we follow platform guidelines to keep things safe and respectful. Your data is yours alone, and we don’t sell or share it with anyone else.
We believe in doing things the right way. We only automate actions through your own account, never using fake profiles or accessing data you wouldn’t see yourself. Plus, we’re serious about protecting your online reputation—our tools aren’t for spamming, and we follow platform guidelines to keep things safe and respectful. Your data is yours alone, and we don’t sell or share it with anyone else.
- Absolutely! You can sync your lead lists with our HubSpot integration. Just click a button, and voilà—your leads are instantly in your CRM, ready for you to take action 💪
Absolutely! You can sync your lead lists with our HubSpot integration. Just click a button, and voilà—your leads are instantly in your CRM, ready for you to take action 💪

--------------------