# Photosonic: An Amazing AI Text-to-Image Generator
**URL:** https://photosonic.writesonic.com
**Page Title:** AI Art Generator from Text | Writesonic.com
--------------------


## Bring your imagination to the screen with AI Art Generator

Create something that has never been seen before. Let Writesonic’s AI art generator be your paintbrush. It's time to say goodbye to stock image hunting and awaiting new creatives for weeks.
No credit card required.

## 1.5 million AI images generated by the best of companies & saved more than $80,000 on design manpower hours

## Discover the endless possibilities of AI-generated art

### Create any kind of art in seconds

With an AI drawing generator, you can create any type of art. Whether you want to make a trippy painting, minimalist illustration, robot clipart, cartoon canvas painting, or just abstract art faces, AI can help you create it faster and in different art styles. When an AI image generator creates art, you get truly original artwork pieces and photo-realistic images.

### Save 100s of $$$ on stock photos

Still purchasing expensive stock photos? You know you can get those premium images for 1000x less price, right?! Create AI-generated art that is royalty-free and matches your requirements. Get one stock image for less than $0.01 with an AI art maker.

### Generate AI art for multiple online platforms

With our AI image generator, you can create art pieces to use on several online platforms like social media (Tiktok, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, and Facebook), blog posts, landing pages, etc. Not only that, you can even create a realistic person who doesn’t really exist in the real world with an AI portrait generator available on Writesonic's best AI art generator app. Sounds amazing, right?!

### The Art Maker requires no high-level art expertise

Our artificial intelligence painting generator gives you the creative freedom to explore the world of image generation. With just a few clicks and an accurate text prompt, anyone can generate stunning art with our AI image generator. Moreover, for the art community, AI image generation opens doors to infinite possibilities so artists can discover new ideas in seconds without scrambling their brains. Try out a brand new idea generator for art and put on your artist mode and start painting with AI.

## Ask AI to draw

Create absolutely beautiful art with our AI painter.

## How to use Writesonic’s AI art generator?

### Step 1 - Go to the Writesonic app

Open Writesonic.com . Create an account if you don’t have one yet. Once you land on the home page, click on sign up and claim your free trial (if you are a first-time Writesonic user).
If you’ve used Writesonic before and have zero word balance left. Click on upgrade and choose a plan that suits your requirement from our range of affordable plans.

### Step 2 - Navigate to Photosonic

Once you’ve signed up or logged in, navigate to Photosonic. You can find it on the left-hand side of the screen in the menu bar. Writesonic’s AI art generator is named Photosonic. You can use the app for a complete text and art generation experience.

### Step 3 - Feed in your prompt

After clicking on Photosonic, you’ll be directed to this page. This is the Photosonic platform on Writesonic. Now, all you have to do is give instructions to the AI on what you want to generate,
You can create a face, photos, paintings of objects, fantasy art, and more - specify what you want to our AI image generator. You can also check recent creations for inspiration.

### Step 4 - Hit generate

Now simply hit on generate and the AI drawing generator will create a set of 2 images for you in seconds. You can enhance the quality of these images too by clicking on the enhance option. Just download the images you like and voila!

## What can you create with an AI art generator?

With an AI image generator, you can create anything your imagination can dream up! Whether you’re looking for a painting of your favorite vacation spot or a portrait of your pet, Writesonic’s AI art generator can help you create it.
In addition to creating traditional paintings and photographs, you can also use AI art generators to create modern art, vectors, and graphics too. If you’re feeling really creative, you can even use them to design your own tattoos or design products like T-shirts and coffee mugs.
The possibilities are endless when it comes to what you can create with an AI art generator. So go ahead and unleash your creativity – the sky’s the limit!
Here are a few types of art you can create with an AI art generator

### Photorealistic images

These are images that look exactly like photographs. Photorealistic AI art is usually generated by training a neural network on a dataset of real-world images.

### Abstract art

Abstract AI generated pictures are defined by form and composition, rather than subject matter. It often makes use of geometric shapes and bold color palettes to create a visually striking effect. These are images that don't necessarily look like anything in the real world.

### Portraiture

Portraits are paintings or photographs that capture the likeness of a person or people. Our AI painting generator makes use of special lighting and composition techniques to capture the subject in the best possible way.

### Still life

Still life paintings or photographs feature inanimate objects, such as flowers, fruit, or household items. Still life AI art is typically very realistic in style and often uses light and shadows to create a sense of depth and texture.

### Landscape

Landscape paintings or photographs depict outdoor scenes, such as mountains, forests, fields, or coastlines. They often emphasize the beauty of nature and may use light and color to convey a particular mood or feeling. Make Writesonic your personal AI painting generator and create amazing art in seconds.

### Cityscape

Cityscape paintings or photographs depict urban environments, such as streetscapes, skyscrapers, or public squares. They often capture the hustle and bustle of city life and may use light and shadow to create a sense of movement and energy.

### Animal portrait

Animal portraits are paintings or photographs that capture the likeness of a particular animal. They can be very realistic in style, or they may take on a more whimsical approach.

### Stylistic images

Our AI painter can generate images in a specific style. For example, the impressionist style is used to generate new impressionist paintings.

### 3D images

With AI art generators from text, you can create stunning 3D images that are realistically rendered and totally unique. That too, without much designing.

### Vectors and graphics

Yes, you read that right! Concoct icons, objects, people, and more. Our AI Art Generator will translate any text to image. Recreate or enhance until it matches your imagination.

## The Best AI Art Generator from Text

Look what users are creating using our Photosonic art creator. Impressive, huh?!

## Frequently Asked Questions

Another benefit is that AI art generators can automate the creative process, meaning that humans don’t have to be involved in the creation of the artwork. This can be useful for artists who want to focus on other aspects of their work, or for businesses who want to create artwork for products or marketing campaigns. To try the free AI art generator from text, go to Writesonic now!

## Excited to create stunning images with AI?

Take Writesonic’s AI Image Generator for a spin now!

## Other AI Writing Tools

Instantly rewrite and refine any text without changing the context
Generate articles and blog posts of 1500+ words in seconds.
Create high-quality and compelling product descriptions in seconds. Redirect it to product description generator page.
High-converting Facebook ads that increase your CTR.

--------------------