# POKY
**URL:** https://poky.app
**Page Title:** POKY - Product Importer | Copy Products
--------------------


## Easy Way to Import Products From Over 28 Platforms .

The BEST Product Importer Solution Now You Can Import Products With One Click From All Supported Platforms. (Unlimited Imports/Month)
Join the 30,000+ merchant using POKY

## Import Unlimited
                                                Products

Import unlimited products from any Shopify store with just one click. Simply load the products and select the ones you want to import. Additionally, you can export them as CSV.

## POKY Chrome Extension

Import products from all supported platforms using the POKY Chrome extension. Simply visit the product you want to import and click on Edit/Import. Additionally, you can use the extension to find suppliers on AliExpress.

## Build Your Own Scraper

Now you can easily create your own scraper for any store or platform that we don't yet support. This allows you to start importing products from all platforms with complete details, including the title, description, prices, images, and variants.

## Enhance and Translate with ChatGPT

Easily enhance and translate your product information with ChatGPT. You can customize the enhancement prompt to match your specific needs, giving you full control over the tone and style of your product details.

## Find Suppliers Feature
                                                Products

You can use this feature to find suppliers for the products that you have imported using POKY and for all the products on your store. Additionally, you can use the POKY Chrome extension to find suppliers using images.

## Result of Edit Product

## All-in-One Pack!

All features are included in one package, allowing you to start importing products from all supported platforms With no limits.
- 2-day trial Then $2.95/month
- Import Products from All Platforms
- Unlimited Scraper Builder
- ChatGPT Integration
- Find Suppliers
- Unlimited Imports per Month
- Premium support
- Try For Free

--------------------