# Pure360
**URL:** https://spotler.com/en-gb
**Page Title:** Spotler Marketing Cloud: unlock your data and drive results
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider `` Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ARRAffinity [x3] Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ARRAffinitySameSite [x3] Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie PodBean 1 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie content.powerapps.com 5 ai_session Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie manifests.artifacts Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage manifests.extensions Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage manifests.products Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage manifests.tabs Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage content.powerapps.com d2yyd1h5u9mauk.cloudfront.net 2 cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie demo.arcade.software 2 firebase-heartbeat-database#firebase-heartbeat-store Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sentry-offline#queue Detects and logs potential errors on third-party provided functions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB kinsta.cloud resources.spotler.co.uk spotler.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie spotler.com 1 localforage#local-forage-detect-blob-support Detects whether the visitor’s browser allows for blob-format-storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider `` Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ARRAffinity [x3] Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ARRAffinitySameSite [x3] Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- PodBean 1 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- content.powerapps.com 5 ai_session Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie manifests.artifacts Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage manifests.extensions Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage manifests.products Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage manifests.tabs Used by Microsoft Power BI platform to display graphics on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- content.powerapps.com d2yyd1h5u9mauk.cloudfront.net 2 cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- demo.arcade.software 2 firebase-heartbeat-database#firebase-heartbeat-store Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sentry-offline#queue Detects and logs potential errors on third-party provided functions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- kinsta.cloud resources.spotler.co.uk spotler.com vimeo.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- spotler.com 1 localforage#local-forage-detect-blob-support Detects whether the visitor’s browser allows for blob-format-storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie obi4wan.com 1 companyId Stores the selected store location. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie spotler.com 3 country_code Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie localforage#keyvaluepairs Used to maintain filter settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- obi4wan.com 1 companyId Stores the selected store location. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- spotler.com 3 country_code Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie localforage#keyvaluepairs Used to maintain filter settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 7 Learn more about this provider anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Leadinfo 2 Learn more about this provider snowplowOutQueue_#_post2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_#_post2.expires Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider WFESessionId Stores data on the time spent on the website and its sub-pages, during the current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Squeezely 2 Learn more about this provider _gd# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sqzl_vw This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie VWO 3 Learn more about this provider eu01/l.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/s.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/v.gif This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie content.powerapps.com 1 ai_user Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie demo.arcade.software 2 ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage spotler.com 9 __utmz Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_exp_#_combi Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_s Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_ds Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_sn Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie vwoSn This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage t.wowanalytics.co.uk t.gatorleads.co.uk 4 _gl.p.bh [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _gl.p.p_# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 7 Learn more about this provider anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Leadinfo 2 Learn more about this provider snowplowOutQueue_#_post2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage snowplowOutQueue_#_post2.expires Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider WFESessionId Stores data on the time spent on the website and its sub-pages, during the current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Squeezely 2 Learn more about this provider _gd# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sqzl_vw This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- VWO 3 Learn more about this provider eu01/l.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/s.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/v.gif This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- content.powerapps.com 1 ai_user Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- demo.arcade.software 2 ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- spotler.com 9 __utmz Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_exp_#_combi Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_s Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_ds Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_sn Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie vwoSn This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- t.wowanalytics.co.uk t.gatorleads.co.uk 4 _gl.p.bh [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _gl.p.p_# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 9 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au [x3] Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Leadinfo 4 Learn more about this provider _li_id.# Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _li_id.#.expires Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _li_ses.# Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _li_ses.#.expires Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Squeezely 6 Learn more about this provider sqzl_session_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sqzllocal Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 years Type : HTTP Cookie sqzl_session_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sqzl_vw Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sqzllocal Collects  data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage t Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net spotify.com 2 sp_t [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie demo.arcade.software 2 ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage demo.arcade.software d2yyd1h5u9mauk.cloudfront.net 4 __tld__ [x4] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie guru.communigator.co.uk t.spotler.co.uk 2 GatorMail.Gators_SessionId [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 9 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au [x3] Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Leadinfo 4 Learn more about this provider _li_id.# Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _li_id.#.expires Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _li_ses.# Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _li_ses.#.expires Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Squeezely 6 Learn more about this provider sqzl_session_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sqzllocal Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 years Type : HTTP Cookie sqzl_session_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sqzl_vw Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sqzllocal Collects  data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage t Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 19 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- d1rx8vrt2hn1hc.cloudfront.net spotify.com 2 sp_t [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- demo.arcade.software 2 ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- demo.arcade.software d2yyd1h5u9mauk.cloudfront.net 4 __tld__ [x4] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- guru.communigator.co.uk t.spotler.co.uk 2 GatorMail.Gators_SessionId [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Amazon 3 Learn more about this provider sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie assets.spotlersearch.com 2 sptlr_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage originalResultCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie content.powerapps.com 3 GeocoderCache#objects Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AI_buffer_1 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage AI_sentBuffer_1 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage demo.arcade.software 1 firebase-app-check-database#firebase-app-check-store Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage spotler.com 1 _vwo_1032586_config Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 3 Learn more about this provider sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- assets.spotlersearch.com 2 sptlr_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage originalResultCount Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- content.powerapps.com 3 GeocoderCache#objects Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB AI_buffer_1 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage AI_sentBuffer_1 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- demo.arcade.software 1 firebase-app-check-database#firebase-app-check-store Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- spotler.com 1 _vwo_1032586_config Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- English International
- English United Kingdom
- Nederlands Nederland
- Deutsch Deutschland
- English Germany
- Español España
- Svenska Sverige
- English International
- English United Kingdom
- Nederlands Nederland
- Deutsch Deutschland
- English Germany
- Español España
- Svenska Sverige

## Spotler Marketing Cloud

Stop wasting time with disconnected tools. With Spotler’s Marketing Cloud, you turn your data into smarter campaigns, better results, and real impact – all with less effort.
Make faster and smarter decisions with the right data
Create personalised campaigns and be more relevant
Achieve better results and make a bigger impact

## Tired of scattered data and too many disconnected tools?

Marketing feels a lot harder when your tools don’t talk to each other. You waste hours chasing data, switching between systems, and trying to make it all work. It’s frustrating – and it doesn’t need to be that way.

## We get it - marketing should be easier

Which is why we built our Marketing Cloud. Making it easier for you to access data that helps you target the right customers. Making it easier for you to deliver the relevant and personalised experiences for your target audience. Making it easier for you to improve results and to make an impact. Giving you the tools you deserve.

### Centralised Data

All your insights together in one place, so you can make faster, smarter decisions.

### Seamlessly Connected Tools

Personalise and automate across email, SMS, chat, and social with campaigns that feel relevant, not pieced together.

### Tailored for You

Our Marketing and Service Cloud is built for the unique needs of B2B, Commerce, and Public Sector marketers.

## Join 38,000+ marketing professionals creating impact with Spotler

## Smarter communication, better results, real impact with our:

Our connected B2B marketing tools bring everything together, so you can focus on what you do best: creating smart, targeted campaigns that turn leads into pipeline – and without burning out doing it.
Our connected Commerce marketing tools bring all your data together – giving you the insights you need to grow revenue, boost retention and create a seamless customer experience, all with less effort.
Bring all your customer communications together with connected customer service tools that work effortlessly. Work smarter, connect deeper, and deliver a consistent, personalised customer service every time.

## Spotler in Numbers

Get a demo

## See how organisations like yours benefit from Spotler software

Spotler's focus on data driven Marketing Automation provides LV= with richer data to craft more relevant and therefore more effective communications.
Rituals recruits new members for their Loyalty Program in a smart and simple way via their stores and WhatsApp. Want to know how?
Read how Larmer Brown used Spotler to automate marketing, integrate with Microsoft Dynamics CRM, and grow their client base.
How Kempinski saw an 84% satisfaction rate with a custom welcome journey. Have a look inside Kempinski Hotels' email series.
Radboud University uses WhatsApp and live chat for prospective students with questions. Learn how here.
Nubikk is successful with the personalisation strategy they apply on their website, in emails and WhatsApp messages.
Bicycle manufacturer Trek has successfully used Spotler Social to turn their retail partners into content advocates.
Employee advocacy helped Contentoo successfully to create a structured and wide-reaching social media presence.
Shimano used Spotler Social to support retailers and boost sales with an advocacy programme and ready-to-share social content.
How engaged employees are helping Bridgestone Mobility Solutions to drive social growth and turn employees into brand ambassadors.
Spotler's focus on data driven Marketing Automation provides LV= with richer data to craft more relevant and therefore more effective communications.
Rituals recruits new members for their Loyalty Program in a smart and simple way via their stores and WhatsApp. Want to know how?
Read how Larmer Brown used Spotler to automate marketing, integrate with Microsoft Dynamics CRM, and grow their client base.
How Kempinski saw an 84% satisfaction rate with a custom welcome journey. Have a look inside Kempinski Hotels' email series.
Radboud University uses WhatsApp and live chat for prospective students with questions. Learn how here.
Nubikk is successful with the personalisation strategy they apply on their website, in emails and WhatsApp messages.
Bicycle manufacturer Trek has successfully used Spotler Social to turn their retail partners into content advocates.
Employee advocacy helped Contentoo successfully to create a structured and wide-reaching social media presence.
Shimano used Spotler Social to support retailers and boost sales with an advocacy programme and ready-to-share social content.
How engaged employees are helping Bridgestone Mobility Solutions to drive social growth and turn employees into brand ambassadors.
Spotler's focus on data driven Marketing Automation provides LV= with richer data to craft more relevant and therefore more effective communications.
Rituals recruits new members for their Loyalty Program in a smart and simple way via their stores and WhatsApp. Want to know how?
Read how Larmer Brown used Spotler to automate marketing, integrate with Microsoft Dynamics CRM, and grow their client base.

## How marketers benefit from our Marketing Cloud

### Trustpilot

### Kiyoh

## Here’s what to do next

### Book your demo

Get a no-pressure walkthrough of our Marketing Cloud, tailored to your sector and marketing needs.

### Get your plan

A personalised plan on how our Marketing Cloud can help you reach your marketing goals.

### Reach your goals

Implement our Marketing Cloud, optimise your marketing efforts and watch your impact grow.
“By launching the WhatsApp-based onboarding in several of our stores, we’ve already seen great success in streamlining the Loyalty Program sign-up process. Customers appreciate the convenience, and we’re excited to expand this solution across all our stores globally.”
"Spotler offers us the perfect tool for organising events. We have been able to organise events on a larger scale and it has become much easier. The invitation and ticketing process is easy to set up and you can create emails and surveys from one place. The event website can also be customised."
"By using Spotler, I no longer have to worry about the delivery of important emails. I know that the emails we send are quickly delivered where they belong, just like our packages."
“Based on the customer’s favourite brand, the audience builder creates segments that we use on both our website and in email campaigns. This has significantly increased the click-through rates of our homepage banners and within our emails"
"Since signing up with Spotler, we have really been able to take our customer service, marketing and communication to the next level."
"Using the on-site search module means our visitors get accurate results immediately, and it’s showing in the massive increases we’ve had in conversion rates from those visitors."
“When building audiences in the Customer Data Platform, we work across genres. We sum up interests and categories and base our retargeting efforts on that. And with the fully automated A/B testing features, we can immediately see what works and what doesn’t.”
"Smart audience segmentation has helped DELTA enhance the online customer experience and increase online sales without putting pressure on the offline sales team."
“Spotler guided us in the process of setting up the chatbot. We developed scenarios ourselves and expanded the bot. Its strength lies in its simplicity. There are no complicated processes behind it. We were able to handle the most common customer questions, and we are satisfied with that.”
“By launching the WhatsApp-based onboarding in several of our stores, we’ve already seen great success in streamlining the Loyalty Program sign-up process. Customers appreciate the convenience, and we’re excited to expand this solution across all our stores globally.”
"Spotler offers us the perfect tool for organising events. We have been able to organise events on a larger scale and it has become much easier. The invitation and ticketing process is easy to set up and you can create emails and surveys from one place. The event website can also be customised."
"By using Spotler, I no longer have to worry about the delivery of important emails. I know that the emails we send are quickly delivered where they belong, just like our packages."
“Based on the customer’s favourite brand, the audience builder creates segments that we use on both our website and in email campaigns. This has significantly increased the click-through rates of our homepage banners and within our emails"
"Since signing up with Spotler, we have really been able to take our customer service, marketing and communication to the next level."
"Using the on-site search module means our visitors get accurate results immediately, and it’s showing in the massive increases we’ve had in conversion rates from those visitors."
“When building audiences in the Customer Data Platform, we work across genres. We sum up interests and categories and base our retargeting efforts on that. And with the fully automated A/B testing features, we can immediately see what works and what doesn’t.”
"Smart audience segmentation has helped DELTA enhance the online customer experience and increase online sales without putting pressure on the offline sales team."
“Spotler guided us in the process of setting up the chatbot. We developed scenarios ourselves and expanded the bot. Its strength lies in its simplicity. There are no complicated processes behind it. We were able to handle the most common customer questions, and we are satisfied with that.”
“By launching the WhatsApp-based onboarding in several of our stores, we’ve already seen great success in streamlining the Loyalty Program sign-up process. Customers appreciate the convenience, and we’re excited to expand this solution across all our stores globally.”

## Less time wrangling data. More time creating impact.

We know you want to build better connections, grow your brand and make a difference. With the Spotler Marketing Cloud you can:
Lets make marketing work for you, not the other way around.
Get a demo

## Not ready for a demo yet?

You’re ambitious and ready to grow, but to move forward, you need clarity. Our quick scan helps you pinpoint what’s already working for you and highlights the areas that you can improve on or make the next steps in. With your tailored growth plan in hand, you’ll have a clear path to reach your goals with confidence.

## Like what you have seen and read about Spotler Marketing Cloud?

[LINK: Start Chat](https://api.whatsapp.com/send?phone=447552871336&text=)

--------------------