# Qwen2.5-7B
**URL:** https://huggingface.co/Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B
**Page Title:** Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B · Hugging Face
--------------------


## Qwen2.5-7B

## Introduction

Qwen2.5 is the latest series of Qwen large language models. For Qwen2.5, we release a number of base language models and instruction-tuned language models ranging from 0.5 to 72 billion parameters. Qwen2.5 brings the following improvements upon Qwen2:
- Significantly more knowledge and has greatly improved capabilities in coding and mathematics , thanks to our specialized expert models in these domains.
- Significant improvements in instruction following , generating long texts (over 8K tokens), understanding structured data (e.g, tables), and generating structured outputs especially JSON. More resilient to the diversity of system prompts , enhancing role-play implementation and condition-setting for chatbots.
- Long-context Support up to 128K tokens and can generate up to 8K tokens.
- Multilingual support for over 29 languages, including Chinese, English, French, Spanish, Portuguese, German, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Korean, Vietnamese, Thai, Arabic, and more.
This repo contains the base 7B Qwen2.5 model , which has the following features:
- Type: Causal Language Models
- Training Stage: Pretraining
- Architecture: transformers with RoPE, SwiGLU, RMSNorm, and Attention QKV bias
- Number of Parameters: 7.61B
- Number of Paramaters (Non-Embedding): 6.53B
- Number of Layers: 28
- Number of Attention Heads (GQA): 28 for Q and 4 for KV
- Context Length: 131,072 tokens
We do not recommend using base language models for conversations. Instead, you can apply post-training, e.g., SFT, RLHF, continued pretraining, etc., on this model.
For more details, please refer to our blog , GitHub , and Documentation .
[LINK: blog](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen2.5/)
[LINK: GitHub](https://github.com/QwenLM/Qwen2.5)
[LINK: Documentation](https://qwen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

## Requirements

The code of Qwen2.5 has been in the latest Hugging face transformers and we advise you to use the latest version of transformers .
With transformers<4.37.0 , you will encounter the following error:

## Evaluation & Performance

Detailed evaluation results are reported in this 📑 blog .
[LINK: 📑 blog](https://qwenlm.github.io/blog/qwen2.5/)
For requirements on GPU memory and the respective throughput, see results here .
[LINK: here](https://qwen.readthedocs.io/en/latest/benchmark/speed_benchmark.html)

## Citation

If you find our work helpful, feel free to give us a cite.

## Model tree for Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B

## Spaces using Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B 41

## Collection including Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B

## Paper for Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B

## Run 15,000+ Models Instantly

Inference Providers let you run inference on thousands of models served by our partners using a simple,
							unified, OpenAI-compatible serverless API ( Learn more ).
[LINK: Learn more](/docs/inference-providers)
Qwen/Qwen2.5-7B is supported by the following Inference Providers:

--------------------