# Ray
**URL:** https://www.ray.io
**Page Title:** Scale Machine Learning & AI Computing | Ray by Anyscale
--------------------


## tune

Ray is at the center of the world's most powerful AI platforms. It precisely orchestrates
infrastructure for any distributed workload on any accelerator at any scale.

## tune

Develop AI with unmatched scale, performance, and efficiency.

### Why Ray?

## The AI Challenge

AI grows more complex by the hour, with complex data modalities and new models, frameworks, and accelerators released daily. Without effective infrastructure, teams face slow time to production, underutilized resources, and exploding costs. To deliver real ROI and combat the AI Complexity Wall, teams need an engine to support any workload – across AI, ML, and Gen AI.

### Introducing

## The AI Compute Engine

To solve the AI Complexity Wall, you need an AI Compute Engine: Ray. Ray can:

## The Compute Engine for Any AI Workload

Ray is Python-native, built by developers for developers.
[LINK: Parallel Python Code Ray is Python-native. Scale and distribute any Python code for use cases like simulation, backtesting, and more. Learn More](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/index.html?utm_source=ray_io&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=any_ai_workload)

### Parallel Python Code

Ray is Python-native. Scale and distribute any Python code for use cases like simulation, backtesting, and more.

### Multi-Modal Data Processing

Process structured and unstructured data including images, videos, audio, and more.

### Model Training

Run distributed training, including Gen AI foundation models, time series models, and traditional AI / ML models like XGBoost at scale with 1 line of code.  And yes – it’s compatible with your framework of choice.

### Model Serving

Deploy models and business logic - not instances. Ray Serve offers independent scaling and fractional resources to let you get the most of the models you deploy. Get support for any ML model – from LLMs to stable diffusion models to object detection models and beyond.

### Batch Inference

Leverage heterogeneous compute to streamline offline batch inference workflows. Use CPUs and GPUs in the same pipeline to increase utilization, fully saturate GPUs, and decrease costs.

### Reinforcement Learning

Run best-in-class reinforcement learning workflows. Ray RLlib supports production-level, highly distributed RL workloads while maintaining unified and simple APIs for a large variety of industry applications.
[LINK: Gen AI Build end-to-end GenAI workflows with Ray. Ray supports multimodal models, RAG applications, and more. Learn More](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/use-cases.html?utm_source=ray_io&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=any_ai_workload)

### Gen AI

Build end-to-end GenAI workflows with Ray. Ray supports multimodal models, RAG applications, and more.

### LLM Inference

Serve Large Language Models and scale seamlessly with Ray. Ray's flexility to support any accelerator, any model, coupled with seamless scaling is built for LLM inference (online and batch).

### LLM Fine Tuning

From the framework behind ChatGPT, easily fine tune Large Language models at scale.

## Key Concepts in Ray

Ray is the AI Compute Engine designed to power your AI platform and optimize any workload at any scale.

### Scale Python Code

Ray Core provides a small number of core primitives (i.e., tasks, actors, objects) for building and scaling distributed Python applications.
[LINK: Learn More](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-core/walkthrough.html?utm_source=ray_io&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=key_concepts)

### End-to-End AI Solutions

Seamlessly scale any AI workload - including data processing, training, and serving - with Ray's high-level ML libraries for developers.
[LINK: Learn More](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/index.html?utm_source=ray_io&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=key_concepts)

### A Full ML Ecosystem

Run end-to-end AI and ML workflows on Ray. Get easy-to-use tools to deploy Ray clusters, debug and optimize applications, and integrate with common tools and frameworks to build AI applications.
[LINK: Learn More](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/ray-overview/ray-libraries.html?utm_source=ray_io&utm_medium=website&utm_campaign=key_concepts)

## Anyscale is Ray - Perfected

Try Anyscale Today.

## Real Results at (Any) Scale

See how industry leaders leverage Ray to accelerate their AI operations and unlock transformative results.

### 10-100x

more model training data.

### 1M+

CPU cores deployed for online model serving.

### 300B+

parameters for foundation model training.

### 82%

lower data processing cost ($120M savings per year)

### 30x

cost reduction switching from Spark to Ray for batch inference processing with GPUs
improvement in GPU utilization and 7X lower costs

### 10x

more models trained per month

### 12x

faster iteration to deliver over 100+ production models

## Open Source and Future Proof

Backed by a growing open source community, Ray powers today's AI leaders while evolving for tomorrow's AI innovations.
GitHub repo downloads
stars by the community
Contributors

### “Anything you can describe with functions and classes—which is pretty much every application that you write—you can distribute with Ray."

Patrick Ames Principal Engineer

### “From my perspective [Ray] is purely magic."

Thierry Steenberghs Principal Software Engineer

## Get Expert Help

Get hands-on training and expert support from the team that created Ray.
Anyscale is a fully managed AI platform for Ray, built by the minds behind it. Get all the benefits of Ray and many more, including enterprise governance, advanced developer tooling, and expert support. Contact us to learn more about working with the Anyscale team to develop, debug, and optimize your Ray use cases

## Get Started Today

Anyscale is the best place to run Ray. Accelerate your Ray journey and transform your team to an AI team with Ray and Anyscale.

### Advance your AI Platform with Anyscale

Ready to truly invest in AI? See why Anyscale is chosen by the world's smartest AI/Ml platform leaders.

### Ray Slack Community

Join the conversation and connect with fellow AI practitioners on the Ray Community Slack.

### Try Ray on Anyscale

Get started with the only fully-managed, all-in-one platform to run Ray - built by the minds behind it.
- Scale Ray to production with confidence on Anyscale — with better developer tooling, stable scaling, lower costs, and expert support. Try Ray on Anyscale
Scale Ray to production with confidence on Anyscale — with better developer tooling, stable scaling, lower costs, and expert support.

--------------------