# Raz
**URL:** https://www.sendblue.com
**Page Title:** iMessage for Business - More Replies. More Sales: Sendblue
--------------------

We value your privacy
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalised ads or content, and analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.
We use cookies to help you navigate efficiently and perform certain functions. You will find detailed information about all cookies under each consent category below.
The cookies that are categorised as "Necessary" are stored on your browser as they are essential for enabling the basic functionalities of the site. ...
Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.
- Cookie pscd
- Duration 3 months
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie ttcsid_CNT1TBJC77U9UU6RTKT0
- Duration 3 months
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie ttcsid
- Duration 3 months
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie __mh_tt_disable_script
- Duration session
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie __cf_bm
- Duration 1 hour
- Description This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
- Cookie _cfuvid
- Duration session
- Description Cloudflare sets this cookie to track users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services
Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features.
No cookies to display.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
- Cookie _ga_*
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
- Cookie _ga
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
- Cookie cee
- Duration 3 months
- Description Stape sets this cookie to track events and user interactions on its platform, enabling analytics and performance tracking. The collected data helps optimize the service and improve user interaction analysis.
- Cookie __mh_tt_s
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description This Hyros cookie is used to gather analytics on how you may use all of our social media platforms to return to our site
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
No cookies to display.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customised advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyse the effectiveness of the ad campaigns.
- Cookie _ttp
- Duration 3 months
- Description TikTok set this cookie to track and improve the performance of advertising campaigns, as well as to personalise the user experience.
- Cookie _gcl_au
- Duration 3 months
- Description Google Tag Manager sets this cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
- Cookie _tt_enable_cookie
- Duration 3 months
- Description Tiktok set this cookie to collect data about behaviour and activities on the website and to measure the effectiveness of the advertising.
- Cookie _fbp
- Duration 3 months
- Description Facebook sets this cookie to store and track interactions.
Other uncategorised cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
No cookies to display.

## The iMessage Solutions Partner

Drive growth through trusted and personalized communication.
More conversations, more conversions.

### The future of communication isn’t louder. It’s more authentic.

We make businesses more human - by helping build lasting relationships through authentic communication.

## Tired of getting left on read?

That's because email and SMS were built for alerts, not relationships
The foundation. Increase response rates, build engagement, and lift lifetime value.
The voice layer. Reach customers with the most trusted channel.
Efficiency at the intersection of automation and personalization.
Organize and connect with the right people faster.
Our expert frameworks, strategic account managers, and vertical-specific insights. White glove service found nowhere else in market.

## Why is better than

### Avoid opt-out language

Stop looking like a bot 🤖 while remaining compliant.*

### Group chats

Team up with contacts and other team members.

### No A2P Registration Required

Save 2-3 weeks on a lengthy A2P registration process and start messaging immediately.

### Voice memos, Videos and Photos

Skip the  🥔  quality pics and send voice memos, videos, and high res photos.

### Transparent Pricing

Flat monthly pricing based on phone lines. No hidden carrier fees or additional message segment costs.

## Integrate directly to your CRM

Custom-built connections across CRMs and automation tools keep Sendblue at the center of your workflow.
Our Click-to-Dial Chrome Extension makes it easy to call, text, and track from even the most niche systems.

## Start sending blue, watch the green come in

## Integrate with the platforms you use today

## We've sent 10,000,000+ iMessages

## Don’t just take our word for it, take theirs

## FAQ

## Stay Fully Compliant

With our zero spam technology built-in, stay fully aligned with SOC 2 and TCPA standards - No A2P registration required.

--------------------