# Read
**URL:** https://www.read.ai
**Page Title:** Meeting Summaries, Transcripts, AI Notetaker & Enterprise Search | read.ai
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
Read AI stores cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. View our Privacy Policy .
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Canva 5 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ASI The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CCK The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie CDI The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CPA Necessary for the website security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie app.read.ai 1 client Used to determine what client is being used to provide the correct application experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage app.read.ai cdn.mxpnl.com 2 __mp_opt_in_out_# [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie canva.com hsforms.com vimeo.com www.read.ai 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie canva.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie featureassets.org prodregistryv2.org 2 GCLB [x2] This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage read.ai 1 readCsrfToken Protects forms and account actions from cross-site request forgery. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Canva 5 Learn more about this provider cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ASI The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CCK The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie CDI The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie CPA Necessary for the website security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 2 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.read.ai 1 client Used to determine what client is being used to provide the correct application experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.read.ai cdn.mxpnl.com 2 __mp_opt_in_out_# [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- canva.com hsforms.com vimeo.com www.read.ai 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- canva.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- featureassets.org prodregistryv2.org 2 GCLB [x2] This cookie is used in context with load balancing - This optimizes the response rate between the visitor and the site, by distributing the traffic load on multiple network links or servers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- read.ai 1 readCsrfToken Protects forms and account actions from cross-site request forgery. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider ZD-store Registers whether the self-service-assistant Zendesk Answer Bot has been displayed to the website user. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zendesk 1 Learn more about this provider ZD-store Registers whether the self-service-assistant Zendesk Answer Bot has been displayed to the website user. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider analytics_event_v2#analytics_event_metadata Allows queries from third-party database for implementation of visual content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB analytics_event_v2#analytics_event_v2 Allows queries from third-party database for implementation of visual content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 3 Learn more about this provider _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.read.ai 4 statsig.cached.evaluations.971558753 Stores cached results of feature flag and experiment evaluations from Statsig. This improves performance and ensures consistent behavior across page views. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage statsig.last_modified_time.evaluations Records the last time Statsig’s feature flag and experiment evaluations were updated. This helps ensure users see the most current version of site features without unnecessary reloads. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage statsig.session_id.2326571480 Used by Statsig to assign a temporary identifier for a browsing session. This allows feature flag evaluations and experiment results to be grouped within the same session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage statsig.stable_id.2326571480 Used by Statsig to assign a persistent, anonymous identifier to a user or device. This helps the platform consistently evaluate feature flags and run experiments without identifying the individual. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.read.ai cdn.mxpnl.com 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_68e743b21f2eb5cbbfd12657136457ad [x2] Used by Mixpanel analytics to generate and assign a unique ID when a new browser tab is opened. This ensures events are tracked correctly across multiple tabs without mixing data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_68e743b21f2eb5cbbfd12657136457ad [x2] Used by Mixpanel analytics to track a user’s activity within a single browser tab. It helps distinguish between different tabs and sessions so that events are recorded accurately. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage app.read.ai read.ai cdn.mxpnl.com 3 mp_#_mixpanel [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie app.read.ai www.read.ai 4 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents [x2] Stores a queue of user interaction events (like clicks, scrolls, or navigation) before they are sent to Mixpanel. This ensures analytics data isn’t lost if the network is busy or the page reloads.

Removed when browser is closed. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry [x2] Keeps track of which types of user interaction events are being recorded by Mixpanel (e.g., clicks, scrolls, page views). It helps manage and organize event recording so analytics capture is consistent.

Removed when browser is closed. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider analytics_event_v2#analytics_event_metadata Allows queries from third-party database for implementation of visual content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB analytics_event_v2#analytics_event_v2 Allows queries from third-party database for implementation of visual content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Vimeo 3 Learn more about this provider _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Zendesk 2 Learn more about this provider ZD-buid Unique id that identifies the user on recurring visits. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ZD-suid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.read.ai 4 statsig.cached.evaluations.971558753 Stores cached results of feature flag and experiment evaluations from Statsig. This improves performance and ensures consistent behavior across page views. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage statsig.last_modified_time.evaluations Records the last time Statsig’s feature flag and experiment evaluations were updated. This helps ensure users see the most current version of site features without unnecessary reloads. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage statsig.session_id.2326571480 Used by Statsig to assign a temporary identifier for a browsing session. This allows feature flag evaluations and experiment results to be grouped within the same session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage statsig.stable_id.2326571480 Used by Statsig to assign a persistent, anonymous identifier to a user or device. This helps the platform consistently evaluate feature flags and run experiments without identifying the individual. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.read.ai cdn.mxpnl.com 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_68e743b21f2eb5cbbfd12657136457ad [x2] Used by Mixpanel analytics to generate and assign a unique ID when a new browser tab is opened. This ensures events are tracked correctly across multiple tabs without mixing data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_68e743b21f2eb5cbbfd12657136457ad [x2] Used by Mixpanel analytics to track a user’s activity within a single browser tab. It helps distinguish between different tabs and sessions so that events are recorded accurately. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.read.ai read.ai cdn.mxpnl.com 3 mp_#_mixpanel [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.read.ai www.read.ai 4 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents [x2] Stores a queue of user interaction events (like clicks, scrolls, or navigation) before they are sent to Mixpanel. This ensures analytics data isn’t lost if the network is busy or the page reloads.

Removed when browser is closed. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry [x2] Keeps track of which types of user interaction events are being recorded by Mixpanel (e.g., clicks, scrolls, page views). It helps manage and organize event recording so analytics capture is consistent.

Removed when browser is closed. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 12 Learn more about this provider __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 4 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 8 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.read.ai 1 __mpq_#_# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 12 Learn more about this provider __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Reddit 4 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x3] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 8 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.read.ai 1 __mpq_#_# Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Canva 1 Learn more about this provider CL Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider leadership_lock#leadership_lock Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB persisted_data_registry#persisted_data_registry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. g_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider _rdt_pn [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie app.read.ai 2 msal.cache.encryption Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie msal.version Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage read.ai 1 readApiHost Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.read.ai 1 webflow_language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Canva 1 Learn more about this provider CL Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Embed.ly 2 Learn more about this provider leadership_lock#leadership_lock Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB persisted_data_registry#persisted_data_registry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. g_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Reddit 2 Learn more about this provider _rdt_pn [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.read.ai 2 msal.cache.encryption Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie msal.version Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- read.ai 1 readApiHost Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.read.ai 1 webflow_language Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie

## Meeting

## Copilot

Read is your AI copilot—transforming meetings, emails, and messages into summaries, insights, and instant answers on every device, wherever you work.

## Enterprise Search for Everyone

Search Copilot is an AI-powered search and discovery engine that unifies insights across meetings, emails, chats, CRMs, and workflows—instantly and for free. Find what you need, faster.

## Turn Conversations into Action with AI

From meeting recaps to Search Copilot, uncover the insights you need—when you need them.

## Make Meetings Work for You

## Find Answers Instantly

## Keep Everyone in the Loop

### Automate summaries & insights across platforms

### Integrate AI into your everyday

## Works with your favorite tools

AI is only as good as the underlying content and context, and Read AI's integrations ensures you have the best of both. Read AI is independent and platform-agnostic—connecting across all your tools to deliver truly unified insights.

## What people are saying about Read AI

## Built with privacy at its core

## Why choose Read AI?

Works across all meeting platforms, emails, and messages.
SOC II certified, and no training on your data by default. Learn more.
Supports 20+ languages and always adding more. Learn more.
Summarizes and surfaces the most important details for you.

### Work smarter, everywhere.

### Keep Reading

© 2026 Read AI, Inc.

--------------------