# Resume-Now
**URL:** https://www.resume-now.com
**Page Title:** Free AI Resume Builder [Fast & Easy] | Resume-Now®
--------------------


## AI Resume Builder (Fast, Easy, & Free to Use)

Land your next job with one of the best AI resume builders online. Work from your computer or phone with dozens of recruiter-approved templates and add ready-to-use skills and phrases in one click. Millions have trusted our resume maker—and it’s free to use!

## Let AI do the work!

## Generate Your Resume Bullet Points With AI

### Let AI do the work!

Simplify the writing process with a single click. Enter a skill or responsibility to generate your choice of compelling bullet points.
Enhance this
Enhance this
Enhance this
Recently generated by others
Managed construction sites for low voltage/ CAT cabling etc
Supervised construction sites for low voltage and CAT cabling installations.
I screen and schedule new patients looking for mental health services.
Screened and scheduled new patients seeking mental health services.

## Make a Resume That Gets Results

## Make a Resume That Gets Results

A New Resume Fast Creating a mistake-free resume with Resume Now’s AI Resume Builder is not only fast, but easy to do!

## Resume Now Is Rated Highly by Job Seekers

### resumes made with

## Choose Your Professional Template

Select one of the ATS-friendly resume templates below. Fill it in with AI-generated text inspired by your work experience.
These professional templates have been tested in the real world and proven to bypass HR screening software. Rest easy knowing that your resume will land in human hands.
You can try Resume Now’s AI Resume Builder for free . Easily create a resume in the builder and download it as a TXT file. Then, when you’re ready to try a premium template, you can upgrade your free resume.

### Creative resume templates

### Simple resume templates

### Modern resume templates

## Why Use Our Online Resume Builder

### Mobile-friendly builder

Use Resume Now's Resume Builder from your phone, save your progress on the go, and get ready to land your next interview.

### New, professional designs

Choose from a wide range of styles for every job level and type. From fun and creative to simple and modern, we offer designs for all types of job seekers.

### ATS-friendly

Employers use applicant tracking systems (ATS) to filter out candidates. With our templates, you’ll have an ATS-friendly resume that will help you stand out.

### AI-powered content

Get AI-generated content suggestions, refined by our career experts, for maximum impact on your resume.

### Step-by-step support

Our Resume Creator provides detailed tips and advice throughout the process, with customer support ready to assist you anytime.

### Matching cover letter

Easily create a memorable cover letter with customizable suggested text in our Cover Letter Generator . Then, choose a design that aligns with your resume for a cohesive professional look.

### Unlimited resumes

Make and edit unlimited resumes, experiment with multiple templates, and download your resumes in various file formats.

## What People Are Saying About Our Resume Maker

## Find Inspiration in Real-World Examples

Browse 100+ popular resume examples covering all types of jobs, industries, and levels of experience. Every example has been reviewed and approved by a Certified Professional Resume Writer (CPRW).

### Teacher resume

### College resume

### Registered nurse resume

### Administrative assistant resume

### Looking for CVs or cover letters?

Explore our extensive collection of CV and cover letter examples to find your perfect fit for any industry or job level.

### Cover letter examples

### CV examples

## Resumes Are Being Created on Resume Now

## Resume Now Brings Expert-Driven Insight to Your Job Search

Explore our recently updated guides to help you refine and modernize your resume. Discover valuable tips and strategies for today’s job market.
- Hailey Brophy Professional Resume Writer and Career Advisor

### Hailey Brophy

Professional Resume Writer and Career Advisor
- Leisha Guzman Torres Career Industry Editor

### Leisha Guzman Torres

Career Industry Editor
- CPRW Don Sjoerdsma, CPRW Career Writer and Certified Professional Resume Writer

### Don Sjoerdsma, CPRW

Career Writer and Certified Professional Resume Writer
- CPRW Keith Spencer, CPRW Career Expert and Certified Professional Resume Writer

### Keith Spencer, CPRW

Career Expert and Certified Professional Resume Writer
Resume Now is built on the expertise of our team of professional resume writers, career advisors, and experts.
Our career studies and surveys give you the data you need to succeed in a constantly evolving job market.
All of Resume Now’s content follows a rigorous editorial process to ensure quality, accessibility, and credibility.

## Get Resume Help From Our Experts

You’re never alone in your job search. Whether you’re writing a cover letter, preparing for the interview, or negotiating your salary, our resource center has articles that will help you take the next step in your career.
15 Latest Resume Trends for 2026 + Examples
AI-Resistant Careers Index 2026: 20 Jobs That A...
60% of U.S. Workers Expect AI to Eliminate More...
Best Resume Font for 2026 (+ Size and Formattin...
State of AI in the Workplace Study Finds 63% of...
What Is the Purpose of a Cover Letter and Why I...

## Browse Our Recently Updated Resume Guides

Explore our up-to-date guides to help you refine and modernize your resume. Discover valuable tips and strategies for today’s job market.
Mechanical Engineering Resume: Examples & Templ...
Law School Resume: Examples, Templates and Tips
New Grad Nurse Resume: Examples & Templates for...
Military Resume: Examples, Templates & Tips
Was this information about our AI Resume Builder helpful? Let us know!
Average: 4.2 (281 votes)

## Resume Now FAQ

Last Updated: January 13, 2026
A resume builder (also known as a resume creator, resume generator, or resume maker) is an app or software program anyone can use to quickly and easily make resumes, cover letters, and CVs. Many sites, including Resume Now, offer AI resume builder services to help you through every resume section, offering tips and guidance along the way.
Resume builders can help you pass through ATS screening, organize your resume, and ensure that your content meets industry standard expectations. Builders automate parts of the resume-writing process using AI to generate text suggestions based on your work experience.
Additionally, you can use a free resume builder or a premium one. With a premium builder like ours, you’ll get an easy-to-use and highly intuitive tool that produces the most professional resumes. When you finish your competitive resume in just a few minutes, you can download it in any file format you like and activate tracking to be alerted when the employer looks at your resume.
A free resume builder is a good option when you need to keep money off the table entirely. The risk you face with “free” is that the end result may not be as professional, which could cost you in other ways, such as getting overlooked for the role . If you want to give your resume its best shot, investing in a premium builder may be the safest bet to securing an interview.
Learning how to write a resume from scratch is easier than you think, but it still takes time to put a convincing and competitive document together.
If you use Resume Now’s AI Resume Builder , making a resume is pain-free, fast, and straightforward. Anyone in any industry can build a professional resume in minutes. Our AI Resume Builder also includes stylish templates so that your resume is application-ready as soon as you’ve generated it.
Plus, with our application tracking feature , you’ll know when the hiring manager looks at your resume. And, you won’t find our HR-approved and ATS-friendly template designs anywhere else.
Finally, our Resume Builder is free to use, so you can get started on your document without needing to add your card.
Our Resume Maker is free to use, allowing you to test our software and determine if it’s worth investing a few dollars in. You can upload your resume, choose a template, and fill out every section to see what your final product would look like before you commit. You can even download your resume as a plain TXT file for free.
But you will need to sign up for a subscription to get full access, including premium designs, a cover letter builder, and unlimited downloads in whichever file format you need.
Thanks to advanced LLMs like ChatGPT and Gemini, AI has gotten very good at creating resume content with just a bit of information about your background.
That being said, you don’t want to rely fully on AI tools like ChatGPT. You need to ensure that the generated content accurately reflects your skills and experiences. AI isn’t magic, and it doesn’t know your career story better than you do.
Use AI as a tool and refine its suggestions with your personal input. Make sure to check for accuracy, too. Even AI makes mistakes. Never lie on your resume, even accidentally!
Our builder also produces AI-generated content, including bullet points for your work history section, but it goes a step further by formatting it in your favorite ATS-friendly resume template from our library. It also rates your resume, so you can be sure you submit an application that impresses employers.
Most AI resume builders, like Resume Now, are free to test out so that you can decide on how to spend your hard-earned money. With our AI Resume Builder , you can upload your existing resume (or create one from scratch), select a visually appealing template, and complete each section to preview your final document before making a commitment.
To unlock the full potential of our service, however— including access to premium designs, a powerful cover letter builder, and the flexibility to download your resume in any file format you require—you’ll need to sign up for a subscription.
Making your resume with an AI service like ChatGPT is free, but you’ll need to pay a monthly subscription to use the latest models. Plus, with GPT, you don’t get access to ATS-friendly resume templates.
Yes! All of Resume Now’s resume templates are designed to be easy to scan by both humans and applicant tracking systems (ATS).
An ATS is software that scans resumes, screens them for critical information—such as specific skills and experience—and eliminates unqualified applicants.
In addition to offering ATS-friendly templates, our AI builder generates content suggestions to help you choose the critical keywords employers look for in top candidates for your specific job title. Available in our Resume Builder, these content suggestions make it quick and easy to build a strong resume.
We also offer Microsoft Word and Google Doc resume templates that are ATS-compatible.
Yes, our Resume Creator isn’t just for resumes. You can use it to make a CV , too. The builder is very flexible. You can choose a CV design to edit section by section. To create a CV, simply add more sections than a resume. When you add a new section to your document, you can move it around or change the header to common CV sections like:
- Teaching experience
- Research projects
- Publications
- Presentations
- Professional associations
Finally, if you aren’t sure what to include on your CV, let our library of CV examples guide you.
Absolutely! AI resume generators are a way to get help in your job search. Some people hire a resume writer or ask friends and family for help. Others choose to use a resume builder. Hiring managers and recruiters are aware that many job seekers use a builder to get started, and their only expectation is that the resume be customized to reflect the job seeker’s experience.
Yes! Whether you’re making an entry-level resume or writing a resume with no experience , our builder is perfect for new grads and job seekers because we provide more than 150 tips on how to work around a lack of experience. We help you build a resume that stands out in a competitive job market, so you can get to work fast.
We also show you how to leverage the functional resume format , which highlights skills rather than work experience. This is the ideal resume format for recent grads and newcomers making their first resume.
If you subscribe to our service, you’ll find our AI Cover Letter Builder in your account dashboard. This is where you can go to create the perfect companion to your resume.
We know that a cover letter is an essential part of your job application, so we also offer a library of cover letter examples and several customizable cover letter templates to help you build a captivating letter in no time. Also, check out our guide to cover letter formatting to make sure you’re following the rules employers have set.
Yes, don’t worry—you can save your resume in progress in our Resume Builder. Simply log back into the site to finish up anytime.
You can even start your resume on one device and finish on another. Our Resume Builder is mobile-friendly, so you can create a job-winning resume on the go.
Once you’re 100% satisfied with your resume, simply choose “download” from your Resume Builder dashboard and select the type of file you want to use. In addition to downloading a copy of your resume, you can email or print it directly from your dashboard.
If you aren’t subscribed to our service, you can only download your resume in TXT format. But remember, you can try a subscription for less than $3, and our tool saves your finished document until you’re ready to give us a shot.
Need help with your resume or cover letter? Have questions about billing or need technical support? Our customer service team is here for you seven days a week. Contact us via telephone, chat, or email today!
While eyeing new job opportunities, you need to recognize signs of scams, which are becoming increasingly prevalent.
At ResumeNow, we believe that raising awareness to combat these scams and fraudulent activities is the best defense. We encourage you to exercise caution when considering any job offer, and urge you to stay informed about potential fraud and schemes.
In this article , we provide helpful tips to help you recognize suspicious activity and know where to report it.

## Generate a Resume Fast With Resume Now’s Easy AI Resume Builder


--------------------