# Rezi
**URL:** http://rezi.ai
**Page Title:** Free AI Resume Builder Trusted by +4 Million Job Seekers
--------------------

Rezi is an awesome AI-based resume builder that includes templates to help you design a resume that is sure to check the boxes when it comes to applicant tracking systems. This is a great jumping off point to kickstart a new resume.

## Real Users. Real Conversations

### I was blown away by Rezi. It streamlined everything...

### Resume Building felt like pulling teeth – until i found Rezi.

### I needed a resume tool as smart as my work.

## Resume + cover letter ready in 5 minutes. Perfectly optimized.

## Browse 837 professional resume samples and find one for your job title.

### Rezi Founder

### Student Technical Assistant

### Front-End Engineer

### Senior Business Analyst

### Data Engineer

### Software Developer

### Corporate Rotational Graduate

### Senior Project Manager

### Creative Producer

### Disney College Program

## Content-focused features developed to get you hired

### ATS Keyword Targeting

### Real Time Content Analysis

### The Rezi Score

## Rezi does more than any other AI resume builder.

### Custom URL for Sharing

### AI Keyword Tailoring

### AI Keyword Targeting

### AI Summary Writer

### Real-Time Content Analysis

### AI Resignation Letter Generator

### AI Cover Letter Generator

### Resume Folders

### Video Education Guides

### Text Styling

### Download Types

### Formating Adjustments

### Rezi Score

### AI Writer & Editor

### Custom Sections

### Fine-Tuned Prompts

### Best-Practice Resume Formats

### AI Skills Explorer

### AI Interview

### 900+ Resume Examples

## 20+ ATS-Friendly Resume Templates

### Modern Resume Template

### Standard Resume Template

### Compact Resume Template

### Bold Resume Template

### Alternative Resume Template

## A splash of color

[LINK: Create your resume—It's free](/rezi-docs)

## Traditional or Modern Font

[LINK: Create your resume—It's free](/rezi-docs)

## Paper size to fit Any Application

[LINK: Create your resume—It's free](/rezi-docs)

## Pixel-perfect Finishing touch

[LINK: Convinced yet?—It's still free](/rezi-docs)

## Choose from the most popular plans

### No card required

### $29 Monthly

### $149 One-Time

## Trusted by Over 4,005,400

### Any person who uses it once will fall in love with it

### The free version of Rezi is really good, there's no harm in trying it

### I could turn around and apply a job within like an hour

### It helped me to get through the ATS system and get notified by recruiters

### The manual labor is gone so I can concentrate on something more useful

### You just click the button, and it magically fits everything

### It makes a very professional looking resume

### It can do it within a matter of minutes rather than wait an hour

### It was hardly taking that five minutes, and then just download it

### It's like a guide without any other distractions, straight to the point

### I would spend like five minutes on Rezi to create a specific resume

### You got to get past the front door with automation and the robots

### The hardest thing with resumes is finding a good clean design

### I was already giving up, and now I finally found what I was looking for

### Everyone should just try Rezi for themselves. At least for one month

### I didn't realize how bad my resume looked until I started using Rezi

### Tools like this help you get a handle on your story

### Machines couldn't read my old resume properly, so the feedback was horrible

### This kind of tool helps you match your skills to the job description

### The flexibility of moving those sections up and down was really crazy

### It helped me get a lot of feedback without having to talk to a person

### It's definitely sped up my application process by a metric amount

### Just use the free version and you'll realize that it's the best one available

### I did get that job because of the resume that you guys helped me write

Join over 3 million people who use Rezi to take control of their job search.

--------------------