# SentiOne
**URL:** https://sentione.com
**Page Title:** Conversational AI platform & social listening tool - SentiOne
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 4 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie OptinMonster 1 Learn more about this provider omScrollHeight Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie consent.cookiebot.com webchat.app.chatbots.sentione.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie linkedin.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sentione.com 15 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie t3D This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tADe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tADu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tAE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tC This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tMQ This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tnsApp This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tPL This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTDe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTDu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTf This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 4 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- OptinMonster 1 Learn more about this provider omScrollHeight Saves the user's screen size in order to adjust the size of images on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- consent.cookiebot.com webchat.app.chatbots.sentione.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- linkedin.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- sentione.com 15 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie t3D This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tADe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tADu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tAE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tC This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tMQ This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tnsApp This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tPL This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTDe This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTDu This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTE This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tTf This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker OptinMonster 5 Learn more about this provider omSessionPageviews This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage omSessionStart Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage omVisitsFirst This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _omappvp This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 11 years Type : HTTP Cookie _omappvs This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com webchat.app.chatbots.sentione.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage webchat.app.chatbots.sentione.com 1 __Host-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Adobe Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider p.gif Keeps track of special fonts used on the website for internal analysis. The cookie does not register any visitor data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- OptinMonster 5 Learn more about this provider omSessionPageviews This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage omSessionStart Sets a timestamp for when the visitor entered the website. This is used for analytical purposes on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage omVisitsFirst This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _omappvp This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 11 years Type : HTTP Cookie _omappvs This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com webchat.app.chatbots.sentione.com 2 sentryReplaySession [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- webchat.app.chatbots.sentione.com 1 __Host-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Sharpspring 4 Learn more about this provider koitk Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie __ss Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites - This information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. The cookie also allows the website to determine how the visitor accessed the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __ss_referrer Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites - This information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. The cookie also allows the website to determine how the visitor accessed the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __ss_tk Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites - This information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. The cookie also allows the website to determine how the visitor accessed the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 25 years Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie TikTok 9 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttwid Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __tt_embed__mounting Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __tt_embed__storage_test Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 32 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage client.protechts.net 1 pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sentione.com 1 mp_#_mixpanel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 7 __tea_cache_first_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_cache_tokens_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_sdk_ab_version_# Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PUMBAA_FREQ Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage SLARDARtiktok_web_embed Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmsi Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmst Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 1 __tea_session_id_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 2 msToken [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tiktokw.eu sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 2 msToken [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Sharpspring 4 Learn more about this provider koitk Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie __ss Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites - This information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. The cookie also allows the website to determine how the visitor accessed the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __ss_referrer Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites - This information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. The cookie also allows the website to determine how the visitor accessed the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __ss_tk Collects information on visitor behaviour on multiple websites - This information is used on the website in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement. The cookie also allows the website to determine how the visitor accessed the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 25 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- TikTok 9 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttwid Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __tt_embed__mounting Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __tt_embed__storage_test Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 32 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- client.protechts.net 1 pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- sentione.com 1 mp_#_mixpanel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 7 __tea_cache_first_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_cache_tokens_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_sdk_ab_version_# Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PUMBAA_FREQ Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage SLARDARtiktok_web_embed Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmsi Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmst Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 1 __tea_session_id_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 2 msToken [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- tiktokw.eu sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 2 msToken [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_D2I6R2BC77U4ENLNFBGG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 6 PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gryfondor.sentione.com 2 gryfondor_current_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gryfondor_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sentione.com 1 chartsLocation Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 1 HYBRID_SLARDAR_WEBtiktok_pns_web_runtime Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_D2I6R2BC77U4ENLNFBGG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 6 PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 5 ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- gryfondor.sentione.com 2 gryfondor_current_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gryfondor_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- sentione.com 1 chartsLocation Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 1 HYBRID_SLARDAR_WEBtiktok_pns_web_runtime Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

### Listen

## AI‑powered social listening

Brand monitoring, trend analysis and customer analytics tool for marketing teams

### Automate

## Conversational AI chatbots & voicebots

Virtual assistant platform for revolutionising customer communications

## Trusted by:

### Listen

## Intelligent social listening platform

Monitor online discussions that matter to your brand. By finding truly relevant insights with AI-based online listening and data analysis engine, you can fully manage your online brand image.
- Analyse online sentiment
- Protect brand reputation
- Prevent social media crises
- Discover new sales opportunities
- Explore the value of audience insights
Ogilvy and Mather work with SentiOne for several clients in 15 markets of the CEE region. SentiOne is a partner to reach our goals and answer important questions about the brands that we work with.

## Start monitoring your brand never miss a mention or customer trend

## Multichannel platform appreciated by clients and authorities

### SentiOne NLU engine intent recognition accuracy

94%

### Automate

## Conversational AI shaping the future of customer service

Handle up to 70% of customer requests by conversational bots and provide instant reaction time.
- AI chatbots & voicebots
- Customer service automation
- Intuitive bot-building interface
- Natural Language Understanding engine
- On-premise and Cloud solutions

## Number 1 in intent recognition in the world

Featured on Papers with Code and the Association for the Advancement of AI as the best natural language processing engine with an accuracy score of 94%.
The main goals for our voicebot were customer service after call center working hours and providing automated service for repetitive requests. The overall objective was to deliver high-quality customer service 24/7. We are very pleased with the implementation carried out by SentiOne, the quality of their technology and the final results achieved by VoiceBot that was tailored to our needs.

## Let’s build bots that people want to talk to!

### Press and articles

## They write about us


--------------------