# Senuto
**URL:** https://senuto.com
**Page Title:** Advanced SEO tools for everyone | Senuto
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 5 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie api.senuto.com 1 CAKEPHP Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 dmn_chk_# [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.senuto.com consent.cookiebot.com gr.senuto.com 7 CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie calendly.com assets.capterra.com hubspot.com twitter.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie calendly.com highcharts.com hsforms.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider csrf_token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 5 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid [x2] This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.senuto.com 1 CAKEPHP Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 dmn_chk_# [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.senuto.com consent.cookiebot.com gr.senuto.com 7 CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- calendly.com assets.capterra.com hubspot.com twitter.com 4 __cf_bm [x4] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- calendly.com highcharts.com hsforms.com 4 _cfuvid [x4] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie enterprise.senuto.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.senuto.com 1 userLang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider reduxPersistIndex Maintains website settings across multiple visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. maps/gen_204 Used in context with the website's map integration. The cookie stores user interaction with the map in order to optimize its functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- enterprise.senuto.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.senuto.com 1 userLang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie WordPress.com 1 Learn more about this provider g.gif Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker app.checklist.gg app.senuto.com 4 ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage app.senuto.com app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gr.senuto.com 1 timeout Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 2 gaVisitorUuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie gaUserPageSessionVisit Stores data on the time spent on the website and its sub-pages, during the current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- WordPress.com 1 Learn more about this provider g.gif Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- app.checklist.gg app.senuto.com 4 ph_#_primary_window_exists [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ph_#_window_id [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- app.senuto.com app.checklist.gg senuto.com 3 ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- gr.senuto.com 1 timeout Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 2 gaVisitorUuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie gaUserPageSessionVisit Stores data on the time spent on the website and its sub-pages, during the current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbc This cookie is used by Facebook to target advertisement based on user behavior and preferences across multiple websites. The cookie contains an encrypted ID which allows Facebook to identify the user across websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider viral-links/v1/tracking Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage assetslp.link 1 yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage store.senuto.com 1 pixelcat_id Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 grUuidHasBeenSet Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbc This cookie is used by Facebook to target advertisement based on user behavior and preferences across multiple websites. The cookie contains an encrypted ID which allows Facebook to identify the user across websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider viral-links/v1/tracking Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 20 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- assetslp.link 1 yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- store.senuto.com 1 pixelcat_id Sets a unique ID for a specific visitor. This ID can be used to recognize the visitor upon re-entry and implement any preference choices made. The cookie also allows the website to track the visitor on multiple websites for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 grUuidHasBeenSet Collects information on what products the visitor has viewed and the content of the shopping-cart. This is used to increase the website's conversion rate through targeted advertisement and product promotions through emails. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider multiFbc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Amazon 9 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider cal_anonymous_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 4 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB app.checklist.gg 10 d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage nhostSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.senuto.com 1 layout Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gr.senuto.com 3 webformv2_opened_11 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_22 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie lp.senuto.com 1 ls_sid_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie senuto.com 11 utm_backup_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_campaign_term Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_term_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaDomain-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider multiFbc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 9 Learn more about this provider reduxPersist%3AlocalStorage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie reduxPersist%3Atutorial Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_window_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie com.spotify.single.item.cache:anchor-public-website Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES||STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|s4p-hosted|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Calendly 1 Learn more about this provider cal_anonymous_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 4 Learn more about this provider __Host-device_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sp_tr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anchor-website#keyvaluepairs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB anchor-website#local-forage-detect-blob-support Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- app.checklist.gg 10 d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage d34726b6-b987-4195-84df-3d5aee00fafc-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e55c5267-3f41-4a68-8fbe-39608f6c775e-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-orgGuestUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-publicRun Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage e8090c44-8753-4597-8ec3-3e3d44a27ffe-session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage nhostSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.senuto.com 1 layout Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- gr.senuto.com 3 webformv2_opened_11 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_22 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie webformv2_opened_9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 4 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- lp.senuto.com 1 ls_sid_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- senuto.com 11 utm_backup_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_campaign_term Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_backup_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_campaign_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_referrer_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_term_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- us-an.gr-cdn.com 1 gaDomain-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie

## SEO and content tools.

Join 67 000 experts and gain access to the freshest and deepest SEO data on your local market.
Choose your language and begin:

## Senuto Suite consists of 6 modules and over a dozen of tools, designed to enhance your SEO workflow

### Recognize your strengths and weaknesses in SEO

### Discover the phrases your customers are searching for on Google

### Check the position of your phrases in Google

### X-ray your competitors and take their place

### Create content plans that work, in just a few minutes

### Write content ideally suited for SEO

### Senuto solutions are appreciated by SEO experts worldwide

### They're already using Senuto

### Read user reviews and find out how they use Senuto in their daily work

Karol Soja
SEO Consultant & SEO Freelancer
I chose Senuto Professional
I registered 4 years ago
Senuto is essential in my daily tasks. Visibility Analysis is the module I need and value the most because it allows me to track rank changes of both my website and my competition. With Rank Tracker, I don’t need additional tools to monitor any single-word shifts. Besides, I can instantly see how my competition ranks for my most important keywords.
Favourite tools:
- URL Analysis
- Keywords Statistics
- Cannibalization
- Keywords Statistics
- Ranking
- Compare days
Piotr Michalak
Head of R&D Grupa TENSE
I chose Senuto Professional
I registered 5 years ago
Senuto is one of the tools I use at work almost every day. It makes it much easier to verify the effects of on-page and off-page activities, keywords research and content planning.
Favourite tools:
- Monitoring
- Keyword Explorer
- SERP Analysis
Mateusz Rzetecki
SEO & CM Director K2 Precise
I chose Senuto Professional
I registered 5 years ago
Every Monday starts in a similar way: morning coffee, emails and logging into Senuto. It is important to check what the individual projects look like – my projects and those that are implemented within the team. And of course, it is vital to look at the competition. The chart from the Visibility Analysis and the weekly report are used for this purpose.
- Summary
- Sections
- Competition Analysis
- Raport/Summary
- Keywords Statistics
Lukas Zelezny
SEO Expert SEO.London
I chose Senuto Premium
I registered 3 years ago
Senuto is one of the few tools that I am using if it is about keyword research and competitor research. I really like it because of the UX, which is designed in a really nice and smart way. You can easily understand what’s the flow, so you’re not struggling with this tool, you don’t have to think too much about where you are.
Favourite tools:
- Keywords Statistics
- Visibility Chart
- Increases/Decreases
- Keywords Statistics
Dawid Samulski
Visibility analysis is the most important module in Senuto for me, and it works very well. It allows me to keep an eye on changes in the search engine and analyze how our site performs in comparison to competitors’ sites.
Favourite tools:
- Increases/Decreases
- Keywords Statistics
- SERP History
Katarzyna Zielosko
I find Senuto a helpful tool for SEO analysis of our website. Most importantly, it fast-tracks content marketing, website monitoring, and tracking SEO efforts of our internal SEO department. Data in Senuto are always up to date, so we can quickly identify visibility shifts, react on the spot, and put out fires.
Favourite tools:
- Cannibalization
Anna Zalewska
My main challenge is to create an optimized web content and reach the highest number of users. I can’t imagine content marketing without an effective tool for researching keywords and topics. Senuto is just that. Its functionality, speed and intuitive interface are the main reasons why during our workshops, I always recommend Senuto.
Favourite tools:
- Keywords Statistics
- Quick Suggestions
Jacek Smogur
In my work, a good choice of keywords can make more than 1000 words. That is why I trust Senuto, proposing content from the title till the last paragraph.
Favourite tools:
- Increases/Decreases
Łukasz Galik
I use the Senuto tool in my daily tasks. It allows me to quickly analyse the statistics illustrating a website's SEO status, compare it with the competition, check the position of the most important key phrases and estimate the rate of organic traffic, thanks to the largest database of words.
Justyna Madro
We use Senuto not only for managing our clients’ projects but also as part of our own marketing. Our submissions in the contests for best SEO campaigns could not be achieved without Senuto data.
Piotr Smargol
Senuto - This is the first app I check every day at work. Visibility Analysis allows me to quickly assess how my pages are performing online. And then? With the help of tools such as content planner, domain analysis and SERP analysis, I gain more time for what has not yet been automated.
Favourite tools:
- Visibility analysis
- Domain or URL analysis
- SERP Analysis
- Content planner

### Let's get to know each other better

8 years
creation of the tool
67000+
users
workers
We are a team of SEO, Big Data, analytics and marketing enthusiasts. We provide accurate data on the current situation on Google for nearly 70 thousand users.

--------------------