# Seq
**URL:** https://datalust.co/seq
**Page Title:** Seq — centralized structured logs
--------------------


## Collect logs and traces, monitor applications, and hunt bugs — without data leaving your infrastructure.

## Collect logs and traces, monitor applications, and hunt bugs without data leaving your infrastructure.

### Developers in some of the world's smartest companies rely on Seq

### Why Seq?

Seq captures the detailed, domain-specific events you need to debug tough problems. Send logs and traces
            from any language using HTTP , OpenTelemetry ,
            and flexible custom inputs . Seq preserves all the structured information
            provided by your applications, and exposes it directly through a high-fidelity JSON data model.
[LINK: HTTP](/docs/posting-raw-events)
[LINK: OpenTelemetry](/docs/ingestion-with-opentelemetry)
[LINK: custom inputs](/docs/writing-custom-inputs)
Outages are measured in minutes and seconds, so Seq is real-time. There's no indexing delay to leave you 
            sweating while you wait for the results of a configuration change or deployment to be reflected in your
            monitoring system.
And perhaps most importantly, Seq is fully self-hosted. Your rich, detailed application logs and traces stay
            on your infrastructure, on-premises or in the cloud, under your organization's security controls and privacy
            standards.

### Search and filter

Opening Seq is opening a log file with superpowers.
Data is always fresh to the second, everything's in front of you ready to inspect, and subtle navigation 
            helpers make correlation easy without you having to remember every detail of the search syntax.
Free-text searches, expression-based filtering, and regular expression support, mean you can drill down into
            events quickly and precisely when you need to.

### Trace and observe

Get instant visibility into what complex operations are really doing.
Traces complement logs to answer questions such as "Why is this endpoint slow?" and "Which other
            services does this one call?" .

### Analyze and chart

Use aggregate queries and time-slicing to find trends and create rich dashboards.
Watch error rates, track latencies, or visualize business performance using structured data from log events and traces.

### Alert and integrate

Be in-the-know about problems before your users or customers are affected.
Set alerts based on custom conditions, and sends notifications to a variety of channels including Slack , Teams , and SMTP mail.
Write custom integrations using a simple C# library, or as command-line apps in any programming language.
- Documentation
[LINK: Documentation](/docs)
- Download

## Case Studies

Learn how our customers are using Seq — to uncover bugs, avoid outages, and improve
            visibility into complex apps and services.
Seq gives us a unified, cross-system view… read more
It’s easy to configure new signals and get the information we need… read more
The benefits of using Seq were considerable… read more
See more case studies .

--------------------