# SimilarWeb AI
**URL:** https://www.similarweb.com
**Page Title:** Similarweb: AI-Powered Digital Data Intelligence Solutions
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. 7ef1a1ef43ff.edge.sdk.awswaf.com 4 awswaf_session_storage Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awswaf_token_refresh_timestamp This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage aws-waf-token [x2] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie docs/common/netcheck.gif Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie app.qualified.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.userway.org 1 uw-icon-locales Used to keep settings on the website's accessibility widget. This helps people with e.g. vision disabilities to properly navigate the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com linkedin.com lp.similarweb.com qualified.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com platform.x.com 7 __cf_bm [x7] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie gtm.similarweb.com consent.cookiebot.com 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie js.qualified.com 2 __q_domainTest Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __q_state_9u7uiM39FyWVMWQF Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie matomo.similarweb.io 1 _pk_testcookie_domain This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie mpps.similarweb.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sdk.getlimy.ai 1 dmn_chk_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie static-us-east-1.similarcdn.com 4 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie www.similarweb.com 3 loyal-user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pll_language This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie www.similarweb.com lp.similarweb.com 5 sgID [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 300 days Type : HTTP Cookie fsrndid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- 7ef1a1ef43ff.edge.sdk.awswaf.com 4 awswaf_session_storage Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awswaf_token_refresh_timestamp This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage aws-waf-token [x2] Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie docs/common/netcheck.gif Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 5 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 4 Learn more about this provider awc.taskSessions This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.taskSessionsInit This cookie is necessary for the login function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __awc_tld_test__ [x2] Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.qualified.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.userway.org 1 uw-icon-locales Used to keep settings on the website's accessibility widget. This helps people with e.g. vision disabilities to properly navigate the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com linkedin.com lp.similarweb.com qualified.com platform.twitter.com vimeo.com platform.x.com 7 __cf_bm [x7] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- gtm.similarweb.com consent.cookiebot.com 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.qualified.com 2 __q_domainTest Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __q_state_9u7uiM39FyWVMWQF Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- matomo.similarweb.io 1 _pk_testcookie_domain This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- mpps.similarweb.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- sdk.getlimy.ai 1 dmn_chk_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- static-us-east-1.similarcdn.com 4 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.similarweb.com 3 loyal-user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pll_language This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.similarweb.com lp.similarweb.com 5 sgID [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 300 days Type : HTTP Cookie fsrndid [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 2 Learn more about this provider viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider tf_random_id Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tf_respondent_cc Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie similarweb.com 1 locale The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 2 Learn more about this provider viewer_session_data Used in connection with End User Experience Monitoring (EUEM). The cookie collects information on application/device performance, which allows support/website staff to optimize their products and services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analytics-web-client#analytics-resilience Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider tf_random_id Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tf_respondent_cc Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- similarweb.com 1 locale The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie Loom 7 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Scribd 2 Learn more about this provider __CJ_session_metadata Contains data about the user’s interaction with the audiobook- and document-presentation-tool for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _scribd_session Implements audio-files on the website, and determines how many and who have listened to these files. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 years Type : HTTP Cookie TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider tracking_session_id Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jsdelivr.net static-us-east-1.similarcdn.com 2 gbFeaturesCache [x2] This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage edge.fullstory.com 2 fs_lua Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie fs_uid This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie form.typeform.com cdn.loom.com 2 dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie matomo.similarweb.io 4 matomo.php Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _pk_id# Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _pk_ref# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie _pk_ses# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie mpps.similarweb.com 3 mp_#_mixpanel [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sdk.getlimy.ai 4 ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage similarweb.com 4 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie static-us-east-1.similarcdn.com 1 tvlocalstorage.available Collects statistics on the user’s interaction with the realtime price- and stock bar on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.similarweb.com 2 _fs_lua Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fs_uid This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider browser_id Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 5 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loom 7 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id [x2] This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTrace Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Host-psifi.analyticsTraceV2 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 3 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Scribd 2 Learn more about this provider __CJ_session_metadata Contains data about the user’s interaction with the audiobook- and document-presentation-tool for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _scribd_session Implements audio-files on the website, and determines how many and who have listened to these files. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 1 Learn more about this provider tracking_session_id Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jsdelivr.net static-us-east-1.similarcdn.com 2 gbFeaturesCache [x2] This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- edge.fullstory.com 2 fs_lua Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie fs_uid This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- form.typeform.com cdn.loom.com 2 dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- matomo.similarweb.io 4 matomo.php Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _pk_id# Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _pk_ref# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to identify the referring website from which the visitor has come. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie _pk_ses# Used by Piwik Analytics Platform to track page requests from the visitor during the session. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- mpps.similarweb.com 3 mp_#_mixpanel [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- sdk.getlimy.ai 4 ph_#_posthog [x3] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ph_#_primary_window_exists Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- similarweb.com 4 FPAU Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie FPGSID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie FPID Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie FPLC Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- static-us-east-1.similarcdn.com 1 tvlocalstorage.available Collects statistics on the user’s interaction with the realtime price- and stock bar on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.similarweb.com 2 _fs_lua Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fs_uid This cookie contains an ID string on the current session. This contains non-personal information on what subpages the visitor enters – this information is used to optimize the visitor's experience. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider fbssls_# Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie fbsr_# Used to track the user’s interaction with the website’s Facebook chat-widget. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Baidu 9 Learn more about this provider Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Hm_unsent_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HMACCOUNT [x2] Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 12 years Type : HTTP Cookie HMACCOUNT_BFESS Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_ck_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Giphy Support 1 Learn more about this provider giphyPingbackId Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Google 11 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. GFE_RTT Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie punchv-e-f Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-n Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-v Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Loom 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 8 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MR Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Scribd 1 Learn more about this provider scribd_ubtc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Soundcloud 2 Learn more about this provider dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ddSession_datadome Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 6 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider #-visitorId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage attribution_user_id Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 5 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie client.protechts.net 1 pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage edge.fullstory.com 1 _fs_tab_id Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage widget.sndcdn.com 1 WIDGET::local::broadcast Used by audio-platform SoundCloud to implement, measure and improve their embedded content/service on the website - The collection of data also includes visitors’ interaction with embedded content/service. This can be used for statistics or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider fbssls_# Collects data on the visitor’s use of the comment system on the website, and what blogs/articles the visitor has read. This can be used for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie fbsr_# Used to track the user’s interaction with the website’s Facebook chat-widget. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Baidu 9 Learn more about this provider Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Hm_unsent_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage HMACCOUNT [x2] Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 12 years Type : HTTP Cookie HMACCOUNT_BFESS Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_ck_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Giphy Support 1 Learn more about this provider giphyPingbackId Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 11 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. GFE_RTT Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie punchv-e-f Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-n Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-v Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Loom 5 Learn more about this provider ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tld__ [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie loom_anon_comment This cookie stores information for the widget settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie loom_referral_video Used to detect referrals in relation to website's embedded video-player. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 8 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MR Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Scribd 1 Learn more about this provider scribd_ubtc Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Soundcloud 2 Learn more about this provider dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ddSession_datadome Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 6 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider #-visitorId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage attribution_user_id Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 5 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.protechts.net 1 pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- edge.fullstory.com 1 _fs_tab_id Tracks the individual sessions on the website, allowing the website to compile statistical data from multiple visits. This data can also be used to create leads for marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 WIDGET::local::broadcast Used by audio-platform SoundCloud to implement, measure and improve their embedded content/service on the website - The collection of data also includes visitors’ interaction with embedded content/service. This can be used for statistics or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider slContextTrackerV3Enabled Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Baidu 1 Learn more about this provider HMACCOUNT Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Bugcrowd 1 Learn more about this provider _crowdcontrol_session_key Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. g_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Loom 6 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Scribd 2 Learn more about this provider ssuuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 15 years Type : HTTP Cookie osano_consentmanager_tattles Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_CP7J3T3C77U51N36SHN0 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 gbuuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.userway.org 3 uw-tunings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage uw-tunings-checksum Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage uw-uid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage client.protechts.net 6 PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie js.qualified.com 1 __q_local_form_debug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lp.similarweb.com www.similarweb.com 4 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mpps.similarweb.com 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_2a36d6f836516f4677bde7726425a84d Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_7ccb86f5c2939026a4b5de83b5971ed9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_2a36d6f836516f4677bde7726425a84d Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_7ccb86f5c2939026a4b5de83b5971ed9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage similarweb.com 4 fsrndidpro Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fsrndidquiz Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gtmIdnts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sw_utm Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.similarweb.com 1 fullRanking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider slContextTrackerV3Enabled Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Baidu 1 Learn more about this provider HMACCOUNT Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Bugcrowd 1 Learn more about this provider _crowdcontrol_session_key Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. g_state Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider li_apfcdc [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sequenceNumber#sequenceNumber Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Loom 6 Learn more about this provider awc.last.screen.event Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.expiry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.session.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage awc.tab.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage emoji-reaction-list-variant Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage frequent-reactions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Scribd 2 Learn more about this provider ssuuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 15 years Type : HTTP Cookie osano_consentmanager_tattles Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_CP7J3T3C77U51N36SHN0 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 gbuuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.userway.org 3 uw-tunings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage uw-tunings-checksum Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage uw-uid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- client.protechts.net 6 PXdOjV695v_px_c_p_PXdOjV695v Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXdOjV695v_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- js.qualified.com 1 __q_local_form_debug Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- lp.similarweb.com www.similarweb.com 4 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- mpps.similarweb.com 4 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_2a36d6f836516f4677bde7726425a84d Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_7ccb86f5c2939026a4b5de83b5971ed9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_2a36d6f836516f4677bde7726425a84d Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_7ccb86f5c2939026a4b5de83b5971ed9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- similarweb.com 4 fsrndidpro Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fsrndidquiz Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gtmIdnts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sw_utm Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.similarweb.com 1 fullRanking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage

## Win Your Market with AI-Powered Digital Data

## All your digital channels. One holistic view.

Trusted by the Best and Brightest Digital Brands

## The Similarweb AEO Suite: Built to Boost your Brand in AI Search

## Be the answer, wherever the search happens

Monitor, optimize and grow your presence in AI Search.

## Strengthen your AI Brand Visibility

See if and how your brand appears in Gen AI answers, and how to increase your visibility, credibility, and influence in the conversations that matter.

## Grow your AI Traffic share

Discover how much AI traffic there is in your market and how you can get your share.

## Solutions built to fuel every team's growth

### Marketing

Get full visibility into competitor marketing to drive better performance.

## Marketing

- Traffic and Engagement: for any website and marketing channel
Traffic and Engagement: for any website and marketing channel
- Competitive Intelligence: in-depth performance insights
Competitive Intelligence: in-depth performance insights
- Gen AI: traffic numbers and trends for LLMs
Gen AI: traffic numbers and trends for LLMs
- Performance Benchmark: against websites, segments or industries
Performance Benchmark: against websites, segments or industries
- Campaign Analysis: channel, ads and spend data
Campaign Analysis: channel, ads and spend data

### SEO & GEO

Boost your brand visibility on search & Gen AI.

## SEO & GEO

- Keyword Research: backed by the freshest data
Keyword Research: backed by the freshest data
- Rank Tracking: with SERP feature and AIO analysis
Rank Tracking: with SERP feature and AIO analysis
- Site Audit: advanced technical SEO optimizations
Site Audit: advanced technical SEO optimizations
- Backlink Analysis: the backlink profile of any site
Backlink Analysis: the backlink profile of any site
- Gen AI tracking: brand visibility and referral traffic from LLMs
Gen AI tracking: brand visibility and referral traffic from LLMs

### Research & Analytics

Spot audience shifts early and act fast.

## Research & Analytics

- Website Analysis: Benchmark performance against competitors
Website Analysis: Benchmark performance against competitors
- Demand Analysis: Identify emerging trends
Demand Analysis: Identify emerging trends
- Market Analysis: Measure your market share
Market Analysis: Measure your market share
- Conversion Analysis: Evaluate competitors’ conversion efficiency
Conversion Analysis: Evaluate competitors’ conversion efficiency
- Web & App Behavior: Understand full user journeys across platforms
Web & App Behavior: Understand full user journeys across platforms

### PPC

Expose paid advertising gaps and scale winning ads.

## PPC

- Keyword Data: find high-ROI keywords to target
Keyword Data: find high-ROI keywords to target
- Ad Creatives: fresh data on all campaigns
Ad Creatives: fresh data on all campaigns
- Spend Analysis: track CPCs and competitor ad spend
Spend Analysis: track CPCs and competitor ad spend
- Brand Protection: Monitor your proprietary keywords
Brand Protection: Monitor your proprietary keywords
- Find gaps in campaign coverage
Find gaps in campaign coverage

### Sales & GTM

Win more deals with smarter sales intelligence.

## Sales & GTM

- Prospecting: Qualified buyers filtered by company performance metrics & more
Prospecting: Qualified buyers filtered by company performance metrics & more
- Outreach: AI-generated messages with buyer insights
Outreach: AI-generated messages with buyer insights
- Contacts data: 370M+ verified contacts
Contacts data: 370M+ verified contacts
- Intent signals: Timely and relevant outreach integrated into your workflows
Intent signals: Timely and relevant outreach integrated into your workflows
- Meeting briefs: Get your buyer’s attention with insightful briefs for any meeting
Meeting briefs: Get your buyer’s attention with insightful briefs for any meeting

### Sales Ops

Enrich your CRM with fresh, accurate data.

## Sales Ops

- CRM Integration: Always-fresh contact data on demand
CRM Integration: Always-fresh contact data on demand
- Traffic & Engagement Data: Actionable insights on prospect activity
Traffic & Engagement Data: Actionable insights on prospect activity
- Data Enrichment: Powerful lead scoring for optimal routing
Data Enrichment: Powerful lead scoring for optimal routing
- Intent Topics: Timing-perfect outreach based on buying signals
Intent Topics: Timing-perfect outreach based on buying signals
- Optimize lead scoring with signals
Optimize lead scoring with signals

### Ecommerce

Grow marketplace sales with real-time insights.

## Ecommerce

- Sales Performance: views, units sold, revenue, and more
Sales Performance: views, units sold, revenue, and more
- Marketing Channels: traffic sources on and off Amazon
Marketing Channels: traffic sources on and off Amazon
- On-Site Search: uncover low-competition, high-margin niches
On-Site Search: uncover low-competition, high-margin niches
- Traffic Sources: analyze and benchmark competitor strategies
Traffic Sources: analyze and benchmark competitor strategies
- Consumer Behavior: segment audiences and drive loyalty
Consumer Behavior: segment audiences and drive loyalty

## What could your growth look like with Similarweb insights?

Jon Oringer
Thomas Kostuch
Daniel Dixon
Leendert van Delft
Bevon Dormer
Pavan Rao

## The ultimate products to win your market

### Sales Intelligence

Prospect, qualify and engage with your ideal customers

### App Intelligence

Benchmark and grow your app performance and stickiness

### Web Intelligence

Unlock opportunities with advanced market research, competitive analysis, and SEO tools

### Stock Intelligence

Analyze and invest based on alternative digital data

### Shopper Intelligence

Track, target, and convert more with full-funnel Amazon insights

## Advanced data services

### Data-as-a-Service (API)

Power your business with digital insights at scale through API and automated reporting.

### Advisory Services

Gain deeper market and consumer insights through expert consulting services.

### Data Partnerships (OEM)

Enrich your products with the world's leading digital data to drive new revenue streams.

## We've got you covered with the largest digital data repository in the world

### A complete view of the digital world

### Join the platform trusted by over 6,000 customers

### G2 named Similarweb a market leader in Enterprise Competitive Intelligence Tools.

### G2 named Similarweb a market leader in Market Intelligence Tools.

### G2 named Similarweb a market leader in Enterprise SEO Tools.

### G2 named Similarweb a market leader in Content Analytics Software.

### G2 named Similarweb a market leader in Paid Search Intelligence Software.

### G2 named Similarweb a market leader in Digital Advertising Intelligence Software.

## Master your digital market with Similarweb


--------------------