# Speechmatics
**URL:** https://speechmatics.com
**Page Title:** AI Speech Technology | Speech-To-Text and Text-To-Speech API | Speechmatics | Home
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Calendly 6 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie api.auth.speechmatics.com auth.speechmatics.com calendly.com capterra.com g2.com g2crowd.com hubapi.com t.co vimeo.com web.speechmatics.com 12 __cf_bm [x12] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie api.auth.speechmatics.com auth.speechmatics.com calendly.com challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com workos.com zoominfo.com 9 _cfuvid [x9] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie auth.speechmatics.com consent.cookiebot.com identity.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com signed-out-rt-demo.internal.speechmatics.com stream-demo.internal.speechmatics.com 9 CookieConsent [x9] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie dd.g2.com 1 datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ip2org-ext.zi-ext.com ip2org-ext-api-gw-prd.zi-ext.com 2 visitorId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie speechmatics.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Calendly 6 Learn more about this provider _calendly_session If consent is given by the visitor, this cookie allows the website to add events into the visitor's calendar. Maximum Storage Duration : 21 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.auth.speechmatics.com auth.speechmatics.com calendly.com capterra.com g2.com g2crowd.com hubapi.com t.co vimeo.com web.speechmatics.com 12 __cf_bm [x12] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.auth.speechmatics.com auth.speechmatics.com calendly.com challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com vimeo.com workos.com zoominfo.com 9 _cfuvid [x9] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- auth.speechmatics.com consent.cookiebot.com identity.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com signed-out-rt-demo.internal.speechmatics.com stream-demo.internal.speechmatics.com 9 CookieConsent [x9] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- dd.g2.com 1 datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- ip2org-ext.zi-ext.com ip2org-ext-api-gw-prd.zi-ext.com 2 visitorId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- speechmatics.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Calendly 2 Learn more about this provider data/guide.gif/#-#-#-#-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com 1 _g2_session_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 2 wistia-video-progress-# [x2] Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.g2.com 1 events_distinct_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Calendly 2 Learn more about this provider data/guide.gif/#-#-#-#-# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com 1 _g2_session_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 2 wistia-video-progress-# [x2] Contains a timestamp for the website’s video-content. This allows the user to resume watching without having to start over, if the user leaves the video or website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.g2.com 1 events_distinct_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Calendly 4 Learn more about this provider pendo_cd Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage userleap.ids This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage data/ptm.gif/4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie SalesLoft 4 Learn more about this provider sliguid [x2] Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie slirequested [x2] Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Segment 1 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie auth.speechmatics.com 1 _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie auth.speechmatics.com assets.calendly.com 2 dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie mixpanel 1 MixPanel Stores user behavior data and analytics preferences locally to track website interactions, measure engagement, and provide usage insights. This data helps improve user experience and website performance by analyzing how visitors navigate and interact with content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 2 wistia [x2] Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage speechmatics.com 2 previousURL Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ubvt Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie web.speechmatics.com 2 ubpv Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie ubvs Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie ws.zoominfo.com 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Calendly 4 Learn more about this provider pendo_cd Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage userleap.ids This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage data/ptm.gif/4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- G2Crowd 1 Learn more about this provider g2tracking Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- SalesLoft 4 Learn more about this provider sliguid [x2] Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie slirequested [x2] Contains an visitor ID - This is used to track visitors' navigation and interaction on the website for internal website-optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Segment 1 Learn more about this provider ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
- Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 1 Learn more about this provider vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- auth.speechmatics.com 1 _dd_s Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- auth.speechmatics.com assets.calendly.com 2 dd_cookie_test_# [x2] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- mixpanel 1 MixPanel Stores user behavior data and analytics preferences locally to track website interactions, measure engagement, and provide usage insights. This data helps improve user experience and website performance by analyzing how visitors navigate and interact with content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 2 wistia [x2] Used by the website to track the visitor's use of video-content - The cookie roots from Wistia, which provides video-software to websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- speechmatics.com 2 previousURL Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ubvt Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- web.speechmatics.com 2 ubpv Determines if a user leaves the website straight away. This information is used for internal statistics and analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie ubvs Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- ws.zoominfo.com 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Calendly 3 Learn more about this provider pendo_tabId Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __gtm_campaign_url Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie SalesLoft 2 Learn more about this provider slireg [x2] Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie Salesloft 1 Learn more about this provider site_identity Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Segment 3 Learn more about this provider __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 7 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage docs.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 4 mp_#_mixpanel [x4] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie docs.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 3 __mpq_#_# [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage speechmatics.com web.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com 6 referralURL [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie visitorFrom [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.speechmatics.com 5 utm_campaign Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_term Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Calendly 3 Learn more about this provider pendo_tabId Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ajs_user_id Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __gtm_campaign_url Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- SalesLoft 2 Learn more about this provider slireg [x2] Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Salesloft 1 Learn more about this provider site_identity Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Segment 3 Learn more about this provider __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_group_id This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ajs_user_id This cookie is used to collect data on the visitor's behavior on the website - this information can be used to assign the visitor to a visitor segment, based on common preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://segment.com/docs/legal/privacy/)
- Twitter Inc. 7 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 22 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- docs.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 4 mp_#_mixpanel [x4] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- docs.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 3 __mpq_#_# [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- speechmatics.com web.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com 6 referralURL [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie visitorFrom [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.speechmatics.com 5 utm_campaign Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_term Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Calendly 13 Learn more about this provider _cache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cal_anonymous_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pendo-4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9#guides Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#chunkUploads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#pendingCaptures Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB _pendo_guides_blocked.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_meta.01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_sessionId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_utm.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_visitorId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage previous_page_loads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sprig.anon.env.vid.map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Capterra 1 Learn more about this provider capterra_tracker.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker auth.speechmatics.com 2 __Host-state-01KDR0WJ54Z9M38YP6KHVA1RQQ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __wuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie dd.g2.com 1 dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie docs.speechmatics.com 1 server Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage docs.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 12 __mp_opt_in_out_904f7dbdfc04953acf614496569f95d5 [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_904f7dbdfc04953acf614496569f95d5 [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_optout [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie mp_tab_id_mixpanel_904f7dbdfc04953acf614496569f95d5 [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage web.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 2 hs-cta-interactions#cta [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB www.speechmatics.com 1 last_utm_query Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Calendly 13 Learn more about this provider _cache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cal_anonymous_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pendo-4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9#guides Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#chunkUploads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#events Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB sprigReplay#pendingCaptures Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB _pendo_guides_blocked.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_meta.01234567-89ab-cdef-0123-456789abcdef Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_sessionId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_utm.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _pendo_visitorId.4cfbcefc-fcf9-4b66-5dc6-9b0d81bb07a9 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage previous_page_loads Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sprig.anon.env.vid.map Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Capterra 1 Learn more about this provider capterra_tracker.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- auth.speechmatics.com 2 __Host-state-01KDR0WJ54Z9M38YP6KHVA1RQQ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __wuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- dd.g2.com 1 dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- docs.speechmatics.com 1 server Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- docs.speechmatics.com page.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 12 __mp_opt_in_out_904f7dbdfc04953acf614496569f95d5 [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_904f7dbdfc04953acf614496569f95d5 [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_optout [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie mp_tab_id_mixpanel_904f7dbdfc04953acf614496569f95d5 [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- web.speechmatics.com www.speechmatics.com 2 hs-cta-interactions#cta [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- www.speechmatics.com 1 last_utm_query Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
[LINK: docs.speechmatics.com](https://docs.speechmatics.com)

## Cookie Policy

Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.
Apply for the Speechmatics Startup Program for up to $50k in credits

## Speech APIs powering Voice AI

### Accurate. Secure. Global.

## Accurate. Secure. Global.

Speech technology built for companies with global reach and uncompromising standards for quality.
High accuracy and low latency. STT in less than 1 second, without compromising accuracy and understanding.
Run Speechmatics on device, on prem and in the cloud depending on your privacy needs. We don’t log your data as standard.
We cover over half the world's population with our language coverage, helping businesses expand globally.

### Voice AI that works where it matters most

## Voice AI that works where it matters most

Support ambient scribe and dictation with our Medical Model, cutting errors on key terms by up to 50%.
Sub-second, speaker-aware STT and TTS across 55+ languages. Plug in fast with a flexible API and native integrations to power AI voice agents.
Deliver accurate captions for live events, sports, and news — real time, at scale, and with accuracy that holds up in the spotlight.
Reduce wait times, increase agent productivity and improve customer experience in contact centers with Speechmatics' voice AI.

### Uncompromised, enterprise-level security

## Uncompromised, enterprise-level security

Industry-leading security tools and controls, built for privacy-critical use cases.
Privacy and compliance built in with our ISO/IEC 27001:2022 accreditation.
Compliant with privacy and compliance directives such as the GDPR.
Fully compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA).
Trusted where privacy matters most - SOC 2 Type II-certified.

## Resources

[LINK: Use Cases Best TTS APIs in 2026: Top 12 Text-to-Speech services for developers From ultra-fast conversational AI to studio-quality narration, find the voice that matches your use case and budget. Tom Young Digital Specialist](https://www.speechmatics.com/company/articles-and-news/best-tts-apis-in-2025-top-12-text-to-speech-services-for-developers)

### Best TTS APIs in 2026: Top 12 Text-to-Speech services for developers

From ultra-fast conversational AI to studio-quality narration, find the voice that matches your use case and budget.
[LINK: Company Vapi and Speechmatics: Build agents that understand every voice Ship Voice AI agents that understand every voice in real-time, even in noisy, multi-speaker scenarios. Speechmatics Editorial Team](https://www.speechmatics.com/company/articles-and-news/vapi-and-speechmatics-build-agents-that-understand-every-voice)

### Vapi and Speechmatics: Build agents that understand every voice

Ship Voice AI agents that understand every voice in real-time, even in noisy, multi-speaker scenarios.

### You can’t hurry love, but you can hurry final transcripts

Introducing 250ms final transcripts for Voice AI

### Speechmatics and Sully.ai partner to scale healthcare AI infrastructure globally

Built on NVIDIA AI infrastructure, the collaboration combines medical-grade speech models and agent workflows to deliver measurable ROI; cutting admin time and scaling healthcare capacity worldwide.

### How to launch a successful faceless YouTube channel for business

Faceless YouTube channels are becoming a scalable, system-driven way for businesses to produce high-impact video without relying on on-camera talent.

### Speechmatics in 2025: the numbers that shaped Voice AI's breakthrough year (+ what’s to come in 2026)

The metrics, milestones, and real-world outcomes that defined Voice AI’s breakout year.

## Power your products with enterprise-grade Voice AI

We handle the speech, you deliver conversations that matter.

--------------------