# Stability AI Membership
**URL:** https://stability.ai/membership
**Page Title:** Stability AI License — Stability AI
--------------------


## Select a license

Our flexible licensing options allow you to deploy our models in your environment with advanced customization and full control over your data.

## Community

For researchers, developers, small businesses, and creators with less than $1M in annual revenue.
License includes:
- Stable Diffusion 3.5 Suite
Stable Diffusion 3.5 Suite
- SDXL Turbo
SDXL Turbo
- Stable Audio Open
Stable Audio Open
- Stable Fast 3D
Stable Fast 3D
- View full list
View full list

### Free

## Enterprise

For enterprise, API providers, and businesses with annual revenue exceeding $1M.
License includes:
- Commercial Use
Commercial Use
- Implementation Support
Implementation Support
Available upgrades include:
- Custom Model Training
Custom Model Training
- Consulting Services
Consulting Services
Custom Pricing

## We build image, video, 3D, and audio generation tools that work where you do.

- Image Create and edit visuals with industry-leading image quality, prompt adherence, and style variety out of the box. Learn more

## Image

Create and edit visuals with industry-leading image quality, prompt adherence, and style variety out of the box.
- Audio Compose music, create sound effects, or transform your original audio using natural language prompts. Learn more

## Audio

Compose music, create sound effects, or transform your original audio using natural language prompts.
- Video Produce high-quality video from still images, expand and extend existing video, or use text prompts to bring your vision to life. Learn more

## Video

Produce high-quality video from still images, expand and extend existing video, or use text prompts to bring your vision to life.
- 3D Generate and refine detailed 3D objects from single images or videos in seconds. Learn more
Generate and refine detailed 3D objects from single images or videos in seconds.

## Frequently Asked Questions

- Use of the Core Models (including Stable Diffusion 3 2B) is free for everyone, unless you’re using the Core Models for a commercial purpose and you or your organization generate over USD $1M (or local currency equivalent) of annual revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue.
Use of the Core Models (including Stable Diffusion 3 2B) is free for everyone, unless you’re using the Core Models for a commercial purpose and you or your organization generate over USD $1M (or local currency equivalent) of annual revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue.
- No, unless you’re making over USD $1M of annual revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue, then the Core Models and Derivative Works thereof are  free for you to use.
No, unless you’re making over USD $1M of annual revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue, then the Core Models and Derivative Works thereof are  free for you to use.
- Any business making under USD $1M annually of revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue, doesn’t need to pay to use or distribute the Core Models.
Any business making under USD $1M annually of revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue, doesn’t need to pay to use or distribute the Core Models.
- No you won’t need to pay - create away!
No you won’t need to pay - create away!
- The Stability AI Community License allows for research, non-commercial, and commercial use of the Core Models for individuals or organizations that generate under $1M (or local currency equivalent) of annual revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue. If you use Stability AI’s models for research purposes only, this falls within the Community License and you don’t need to pay, regardless of the amount of revenue generated by your organization. However, if a Core Model, or a Derivative Work thereof, is utilized in your research, and that research will be used for a commercial purpose (i.e., within a product or service), you must register with Stability AI and may also need to obtain a paid Enterprise License if the annual revenue of your organization, or the organization(s) performing the commercial use, exceeds $1M.
The Stability AI Community License allows for research, non-commercial, and commercial use of the Core Models for individuals or organizations that generate under $1M (or local currency equivalent) of annual revenue, regardless of the source of that revenue.
If you use Stability AI’s models for research purposes only, this falls within the Community License and you don’t need to pay, regardless of the amount of revenue generated by your organization. However, if a Core Model, or a Derivative Work thereof, is utilized in your research, and that research will be used for a commercial purpose (i.e., within a product or service), you must register with Stability AI and may also need to obtain a paid Enterprise License if the annual revenue of your organization, or the organization(s) performing the commercial use, exceeds $1M.
- Congratulations for hitting this impressive milestone! Please contact Stability AI in order to purchase an Enterprise License.
Congratulations for hitting this impressive milestone! Please contact Stability AI in order to purchase an Enterprise License.
- We strive to develop leading open models. We employ some of the leading researchers in the world and they are working on amazing things. When we release our models, we ensure that they are at the top end of the relevant performance rankings, or that they bring additional options to the community in terms of form factors like size and speed.
We strive to develop leading open models. We employ some of the leading researchers in the world and they are working on amazing things. When we release our models, we ensure that they are at the top end of the relevant performance rankings, or that they bring additional options to the community in terms of form factors like size and speed.
- Stability AI is focused on contributing to the “community” as well as establishing a sustainable business by serving enterprise customers. This allows us to continue investing in developing cutting edge AI technology for the benefit of everyone.   Declining a new enterprise customer does not align with our goal to make our models available to as many people as possible.
Stability AI is focused on contributing to the “community” as well as establishing a sustainable business by serving enterprise customers. This allows us to continue investing in developing cutting edge AI technology for the benefit of everyone.   Declining a new enterprise customer does not align with our goal to make our models available to as many people as possible.
- LoRAs, hypernetworks, fine-tunes, retrains, etc, are not "foundational models". If you have created a LoRA, you can use its outputs to train other LoRA’s. You can't use a Core Model, or its outputs, to create a “new" model architecture.
LoRAs, hypernetworks, fine-tunes, retrains, etc, are not "foundational models". If you have created a LoRA, you can use its outputs to train other LoRA’s. You can't use a Core Model, or its outputs, to create a “new" model architecture.
- No, LoRAs, hypernetworks, finetunes, retrain, retrain from scratch, etc, are not “foundational models”. A foundational model is a “new” model architecture that’s derivative of a Core Model.
No, LoRAs, hypernetworks, finetunes, retrain, retrain from scratch, etc, are not “foundational models”. A foundational model is a “new” model architecture that’s derivative of a Core Model.
- Like most agreements, the Community License is revocable if you violate its terms. Otherwise, Stability AI cannot comply with its own legal obligations, promote the safe use of our technology, and protect the hard work and considerable resources that we have invested into developing AI tools for our community.
Like most agreements, the Community License is revocable if you violate its terms. Otherwise, Stability AI cannot comply with its own legal obligations, promote the safe use of our technology, and protect the hard work and considerable resources that we have invested into developing AI tools for our community.
- Yes, as between you and Stability, you own outputs generated from the Core Models or Derivative Works (such as fine-tunes) and therefore can use those outputs at your discretion, so long as you do so in compliance with applicable law and our AUP.
Yes, as between you and Stability, you own outputs generated from the Core Models or Derivative Works (such as fine-tunes) and therefore can use those outputs at your discretion, so long as you do so in compliance with applicable law and our AUP.
Have a question that we haven't answered yet? We're here to help!

## Let's keep in touch

## Privacy Preference Center

### Manage Consent Preferences

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

### Cookie List


--------------------