# StarCoder
**URL:** https://huggingface.co/bigcode/starcoder
**Page Title:** bigcode/starcoder · Hugging Face
--------------------


## You need to agree to share your contact information to access this model

This repository is publicly accessible, but you have to accept the conditions to access its files and content .

## Model License Agreement

Please read the BigCode OpenRAIL-M license agreement before accepting it.
Log in or Sign Up to review the conditions and access this model content.

## StarCoder

Play with the model on the StarCoder Playground .

## Table of Contents

- Model Summary
- Use
- Limitations
- Training
- License
- Citation

## Model Summary

The StarCoder models are 15.5B parameter models trained on 80+ programming languages from The Stack (v1.2) , with opt-out requests excluded. The model uses Multi Query Attention , a context window of 8192 tokens ,  and was trained using the Fill-in-the-Middle objective on 1 trillion tokens.
- Repository: bigcode/Megatron-LM
[LINK: bigcode/Megatron-LM](https://github.com/bigcode-project/Megatron-LM)
- Project Website: bigcode-project.org
- Paper: 💫StarCoder: May the source be with you!
- Point of Contact: contact@bigcode-project.org
- Languages: 80+ Programming languages

## Use

### Intended use

The model was trained on GitHub code. As such it is not an instruction model and commands like "Write a function that computes the square root." do not work well. However, by using the Tech Assistant prompt you can turn it into a capable technical assistant.
Feel free to share your generations in the Community tab!

### Generation

### Fill-in-the-middle

Fill-in-the-middle uses special tokens to identify the prefix/middle/suffix part of the input and output:

### Attribution & Other Requirements

The pretraining dataset of the model was filtered for permissive licenses only. Nevertheless, the model can generate source code verbatim from the dataset. The code's license might require attribution and/or other specific requirements that must be respected. We provide a search index that let's you search through the pretraining data to identify where generated code came from and apply the proper attribution to your code.

## Limitations

The model has been trained on source code from 80+ programming languages. The predominant natural language in source code is English although other languages are also present. As such the model is capable of generating code snippets provided some context but the generated code is not guaranteed to work as intended. It can be inefficient, contain bugs or exploits. At this time there is no mechanism to detect content previously generated by the model. See the paper for an in-depth discussion of the model limitations.

## Training

## Model

- Architecture: GPT-2 model with multi-query attention and Fill-in-the-Middle objective
- Pretraining steps: 250k
- Pretraining tokens: 1 trillion
- Precision: bfloat16

## Hardware

- GPUs: 512 Tesla A100
- Training time: 24 days (320,256 GPU hours pretraining + 11,208 GPU hours Python fine-tuning)
- Training FLOPS: 8.46E+22

## Software

- Orchestration: Megatron-LM
[LINK: Megatron-LM](https://github.com/bigcode-project/Megatron-LM)
- Neural networks: PyTorch
[LINK: PyTorch](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch)
- BP16 if applicable: apex
[LINK: apex](https://github.com/NVIDIA/apex)

## License

The model is licensed under the BigCode OpenRAIL-M v1 license agreement. You can find the full agreement here .
Email contact@bigcode-project.org with questions related to the license agreement and for appeals relating to use restrictions.

## Citation

## Model tree for bigcode/starcoder

## Dataset used to train bigcode/starcoder

## Spaces using bigcode/starcoder 100

## Collection including bigcode/starcoder

## Papers for bigcode/starcoder

## Evaluation results

- pass@1 on HumanEval (Prompted) self-reported 0.408
- pass@1 on HumanEval self-reported 0.336
- pass@1 on MBPP self-reported 0.527
- pass@1 on DS-1000 (Overall Completion) self-reported 0.260
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (C++) self-reported 0.316
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (C#) self-reported 0.210
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (D) self-reported 0.136
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Go) self-reported 0.176
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Java) self-reported 0.302
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Julia) self-reported 0.230
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (JavaScript) self-reported 0.308
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Lua) self-reported 0.239
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (PHP) self-reported 0.261
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Perl) self-reported 0.173
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Python) self-reported 0.336
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (R) self-reported 0.155
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Ruby) self-reported 0.012
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Racket) self-reported 0.001
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Rust) self-reported 0.218
- pass@1 on MultiPL-HumanEval (Scala) self-reported 0.276

--------------------