# Tidio
**URL:** https://tidio.com
**Page Title:** AI Customer Service Agent, Customer Support Software | Tidio
--------------------

4.7 (1769+ reviews)

## More automation, less "I hate your support"

More automation, less "I hate your support"
Scale customer service without sacrificing customer trust or authenticity. Whether you want to improve support quality or automate up to 67% of conversations Tidio keeps support fast, reliable, and human.
No credit card required

## A complete service platform, built for human and AI alignment

A complete service platform, built for human and AI alignment

### AI agent that customers actually love

AI agent that customers actually love
Train Lyro AI Agent on verified data sources to make sure all his responses are reliable and helpful. Get actionable suggestions what should be improved to increase Lyro CSAT and effectiveness.

### The help desk your team deserves

The help desk your team deserves
Turn messy workflows into organized support. Streamline customer service with intuitive intuitive interface, smart AI features and native integrations.

### Proactive automations that convert

Proactive automations that convert
Capture more leads, close more sales and book more calls even when you’re offline. Use Flows and Lyro Smart Actions to make sure no opportunity is ever missed.
67%
The highest resolution rate on the market
AI agent for SMBs
300K+
Trusted by customers, agents, and brands

## ... you’d never risk AI damaging customer trust.

Meet Lyro AI, the trustworthy AI agent that provides conversational and reliable answers in your brand voice. Strengthen each customer relationship with AI that can handle complex cases and act like human would.

## Trusted by brands that refuse to compromise on customer experience

## ... you don’t want to replace your real team with robots.

Make your customer service agents more skilled, not redundant. Automate boring tasks, so they can provide better care for priority customers and develop more technical skills.

## ... your current AI agent disappoints customers and your team

Most AI agents overpromise and underdeliver. Tidio is a reliable alternative aligned with your team and goals.

## One platform. Endless ways to improve customer service.

90%
of repetitive tasks handled by Lyro AI Agent
25%
increase in qualified leads with Live Chat
$66K+
in revenue generated by Lyro AI Agent
70%
increase in self-service resolution
27%
increase in conversion rates
30%
CSAT increase
89%
resolution rate with Lyro AI Agent

## Tidio Resolution Rate Guarantee

Tidio Resolution Rate Guarantee
We’re slightly obsessed by resolution rates. It’s why our 67% rate is the highest in the industry. And why if we don’t lift yours to at least 50%, you’ll get your money back.

## Elevate your support in three steps

Elevate your support in three steps

### 1. Add Lyro without technical knowledge

1. Add Lyro without technical knowledge
Keep your current setup. Add Lyro to your stack and instantly raise your support quality.

### 2. Integrate deeper

2. Integrate deeper
Want to a custom-fit agent? Integrate Lyro with your systems, add custom guidance or hire profesional services team that will improve it’s performance for you.

### 3. Scale with the full suite

3. Scale with the full suite
Optimize every part of your service with Tidio’s complete suite, giving customers fast, authentic help and equipping your agents with the tools they need.

## How integrations should be

How integrations should be
and 120+ tools to integrate

## Join the new standard in customer service

Join the new standard in customer service
Give your customers answers they can trust. Give your team tools they love. And give your competitors customer service envy.
No credit card required

--------------------