# to couple mega-pixels camera
**URL:** https://qr.ae/pyTDq7
**Page Title:** Dave Haynie's answer to Human eye has a resolution of 576 megapixels. Can a DSLR camera having 576 megapixels resolution ever get developed? How? Why not? - Quora
--------------------

Something went wrong. Wait a moment and try again.
[LINK: Human eye has a resolution of 576 megapixels. Can a DSLR camera having 576 megapixels resolution ever get developed? How? Why not?](https://www.quora.com/Human-eye-has-a-resolution-of-576-megapixels-Can-a-DSLR-camera-having-576-megapixels-resolution-ever-get-developed-How-Why-not)
[LINK: Updated 7y](https://www.quora.com/Human-eye-has-a-resolution-of-576-megapixels-Can-a-DSLR-camera-having-576-megapixels-resolution-ever-get-developed-How-Why-not/answer/Dave-Haynie)
No, the human eye does not really have a resolution of 576 megapixels. And even if we can make such a camera, it’s not necessarily the case that we should.
The Human Eye as a Camera
The human eye has a hardware capacity of about 120 megapixels (see: Dave Haynie's answer to How many pixels for a human eye? ), which seems great. But only about 6 million of those are color sensors, and of those, only about 400,000 detect the blue-end of the visible spectrum. And in daylight, the sun oversaturates the monochrome receptors, so they shut off and only the color sensors, which mostly do not saturate (the blue-sensitive S-cones can), are active. So your eye is basically a 6 megapixel camera, most of the time.
And I have even worse news for you… your eye has a pretty lousy sensors, as 6 or even 120 megapixel sensors go. In camera terms, it’s a front-side illuminated sensor.. the 2000s called, and they want your eye back. The image sensor in your eye is located behind all the “wiring”… blood supply in this case. Modern cameras, and the eye of the octopus, have their sensors in the front, their wiring and other stuff in the back. That’s called a backside sensor because the sensors are built at the bottom of a chip, but in use the chip is flipped around so the sensors are in the front.
And worse still, you have this big bundle of wiring — well, nerves — right in the middle of the eye. So you can’t see the thing directly in front of your eye. Never noticed? Well, we have really good software driving this hardware. Really good software. Your brain is more powerful at this stuff than a room-sized supercomputer.
So I have a few Olympus Micro Four Thirds cameras, a Pen F and an Olympus OM-D E-M5 mark II, which have a thing called “hires” mode. They shoot 8 shots, moving the sensor by 1/2 pixel increments, to deliver two interstitially overlapping 20 or 16 megapixel images with full R,G,B color on every pixel. The result is an image that’s roughly 50 or 40 megapixels in effective resolution.
Your eye does that same kind of thing, only better. Microtremors move your eye constantly, about 70–110 times per second, while your brain (that software) is constantly fusing that last image with a bunch of previous images. The result is that what the best we can see is about 4x the resolution of the actual eye, close to 500 megapixels in the dark, or maybe 24–26 megapixels in the bright sun (and again, not exactly an equivalent pixel, but that’s the best equivalence I can come up with). And of course, we’re actually seeing a fused stereo image from two of these cameras, so that boosts the resolution to maybe around 50 megapixels, at least in a sense.
How about the lens — a camera is only as good as the lens, after all? We have a very, very simple lens. A single element, in fact, while I have camera lenses with 24 or more lens elements. And the lens is focused by changing its shape… so as we get older, it becomes less flexible, and the focus range shrinks. I have camera lenses decades older than I am that still focus well. Did nature cheap out on the lens?
Well, compared to a camera, a bit. But they made up for it in parts of the sensor design. The average eye is about 22mm diagonal on the average, just a bit larger than a micro four-thirds sensor... but the spherical nature means the surface area is around 1100mm^2, a bit larger than a full-frame 35mm camera sensor. The highest pixel resolution on a 35mm sensor is on the Canon 5Ds, which stuffs 50.6Mpixels into about 860mm^2. Being spherical rather than flat, there’s no need for all those camera lens elements. Many of the elements in a typical lens are there to project an image clearly on a flat field, your camera sensor. The lens naturally projects in a sphere. Like… oh, I dunno, your eye! In fact, some camera companies have been looking into curved field sensors to deliver a better image in a smaller area with simpler optics. We got there millions of years earlier.
Real cameras have an advantage on shutter speed. Anything too fast going by we’ll see as a blur, as again, we need to integrate a number of images to really understand what we’re seeing. Some cameras can shoot at 1/32,000th of a second, and shoot full resolution images at 60fps or so. Special-purpose high-speed cameras go even faster. Naturally, we have made cameras specifically to photograph things beyond the reach of our eyes.
Cameras and Resolution
But we also drop off fast in practical resolution. Think about HDTV, only around 2 megapixels per image. If you’re watching my 70″ HDTV at more than 15 feet away, if you have normal vision, you can’t really see the high-definition part. If you’re five feet away, you can probably tell it’s not a 4K television (8 megapixels). So that 16–24 megapixel mirrorless or DSLR? Pretty much all you need for most purposes.
But you’re still demanding higher pixel counts, eh? We see APS-C with a sweet spot at about 24 megapixels, Micro Four-thirds at 20 megapixels, and full frame all over the place, 12 megapixels up to 50 megapixels. That’s because professional cameras are built to solve professional photo problems, and that’s not necessarily a one-size-fits-all situation.
And any day now, some fools at Canon or Sony will crank out a 60 or 80 megapixel sensor… “Release the Kraken!!”. But in a weird way, I have that already with my Pen-F… as long as I hold still. The Pen F has a 20 megapixel sensor. But in that aforementioned hires mode, it’s going to shoot eight shots with 1/2 pixel offset. What you wind up with is two interstitally overlapped images with a red, blue, and two green samples per pixel. So there’s no Bayer interpolation, yielding an even cleaner color image than the usual shot.
We don’t have much use for 40 megapixel interstititally arranged images, so in the process of doing something useful, the shot is interpolated to an 80 megapixel standard image. Not quite 80 megapixels of actual resolution, but pretty good. Again, while there are eight shots taken, they’re fast but naturally not simultaneous. So any motion ruins the shot, camera or subject.
If we look to the world of big expensive medium format cameras, both Phase One and Hasselblad sell 100 megapixel cameras. So that’s already close to the physical hardware in the eye, but offering 50 megapixels of green, 25 red, 25 blue… much better color detail than the eye. Hasselblad’s top of the line medium format camera, the H6D-400c, can shoot a 400 megapixel image… sort of. Years ago, even before Olympus built this in as a “simple matter of software” by repurposing very accurate image sensor stabilization hardware, Hasselblad had done the multi-shot thing. And so in the H6D-400c, you have the same kind of hires mode — they only do 6 shots, not 8, but deliver something maybe not exactly 400 megapixel but certainly higher resolution than the sensor’s own 100 megapixels. This camera runs about $48,000… so it’s definitely not for everyone.
The Perpetual, Perplexing Pixel Packing Pickle
So we have had Canon and Sony boost up sensor resolution to 42 and 50 megapixels. And you could go larger. Given that a Micro Four Thirds sensor has 1/4th the area of a full frame sensor, if we scaled the Pen F sensor to full frame, we’d have an 80 megapixel sensor. So that’s completely doable.
But there are smaller sensors still. Sony makes 20 megapixel sensors that are 1/2.3″ in size, for P&S cameras and smartphones… that’s 28.50 mm², versus about 860 mm² for a full frame camera. So scaling that one up, you could build a full frame sensor with 600 megapixels, technically without developing any new technology, since we’ve had these sensors for years now.
Why not do that? Well, for one, do you really have the storage for such huge files? Is that kind of resolution any advantage to, well, most anyone? As I lead off with, just because a thing is possible doens’t make it smart.
Another problem is that such tiny pixels are very sensitive to the “circle of confusion” of a lens — the smallest small point a lens can deliver. When Canon released the Canon 5Ds, their 50 megapixel camera, they published a list of lenses that were recommended… at about twice their previous top resolution, and about twice the practical resolution of film, no one had designed lenses with 50 megapixel in mind. Your practical resolution the convolution of the lens resolution versus the sensor resolution. There’s probably some limit: 80 megapixel, 120 megapixel, I don’t know, but a limit beyond which Canon’s lenses (or anyone’s) don’t resolve well enough to get much mileage out of a gigantic sensor.
And then there’s your aperture. That 20 megapixel sensor in a phone usually has an f/2.0-f/1.8 or faster lens. There’s a strong reason for that: diffraction. When light passes through a lens, it bends just a little. That bending presents a limit on lens sharpness, the smallest feature that can be represented, via another disc limit: the Airy Disc, named after George Airy, the guy who figured out the math of this phenomena. The Airy Disc you get is, in an ideal lens model, based only on aperture. And when the circle of confusion of a lens is smaller than the Airy Disc, that lens is said to be “diffraction limited”. In short, it doesn’t matter what you do optically, the sharpness will be limited by aperture.
Here’s a pinhole shot of my backyard, using a 0.20mm pinhole on a Micro Four-thirds camera. The circle of confusion of a pinhole is equal to its diameter. So pinholes get sharper as you shink them… within limits. This is about f/125.
Here’s the same scene with a 0.10mm pinhole, about f/250. Pretty clearly, it’s noticably more blurry than the 0.20mm pinhole image. That’s the airy disc dominating resolution over the circle of confusion.
Of course, a real camera lens will be much sharper. But how sharp can it possibly be? Consider than, for that full-frame 600 megapixel sensor, you have 30,000 x 20,000 pixels. That’s going to be 833 pixel per millimeter, so to actually take advantage of this sensor, you need lens that can resolve 417lp/mm. Most faster full frame lenses might manage 1/2–1/4 of that resolution on a good day.
Each pixel is about 1.2 µm wide, and you’re lucky if you can get 9 or 10-bits of resolution from each pixel, rather than the 14-bits you get in most DSLRs. That’s going to be 833 pixel per millimeter, or 417lp/mm. But let’s assume you can buy the most expensive Leica or Zeiss or whatever lens and actually get that resolution.
And then you make the foolish mistake of stopping down a bit. And I know what you’re thinking — you can’t get full resolution at full aperture, right? Probably true. But stop down just a little, and 400lp/mm is impossible anyway, thanks to diffraction. So you have pixels about 1.2 µm wide, your maximum circle of confusion is 3.0µm. So you’re not seeing any diffraction at f/2.0, but by f/2.8 you’re already softening the image due to diffraction. By f/4.0, you’re at an effective resolution more like 320 megapixels, best-case, regardless of the lens.
So my guess is that 600 megapixels is just never happening in a full frame camera, because it’s pointless. You’ll never have a way to get a real 600 megapixels. And sure, practically every low-to-midrange P&S camera ships with “marketing pixels” — a sensor resolution that the lens will never, ever permit. But you can’t sell that to professionals!
This is also why small P&S and smartphone cameras don’t have variable aperture — pretty much any stopping down of the lens will yield a fuzzier image. This is also the case of small-sensor camcorders, even expensive 3-chip models.. they usually offered built-in neutral density filters to give the light control of an aperture without the fuzzies.
And so I really doubt we’re going to see a 600 megapixel full-frame camera, even though we could. But higher resolution may be coming. Back in 2015, Canon announced a 250 megapixel sensor. Canon doesn’t sell camera sensors outside the company (yet… they announced they will start this business, but not for a year or two), so we only see these if they show up in Canon DSLRs. This was just a research project… until it’s not.
Nearly two years ago, Canon also showed off a 120 megapixel DSLR. It didn’t have an official name, and was a show demo, not a shipping product. And yet, it does clearly suggest that Canon is looking at this in real product terms.
As for Sony, the world’s largest sensor manufacturer, they actually created the IMX211 sensor that’s the basis for the 100 megapixel Phase One XF 100MP camera. And just announced, a new version of the 100 megapixel sensor, and a 150 megapixel version as well. These are medium format sensors, sold to companies like Phase One or Hasselblad, not usually to consumers. Are they working on something even higher resolution for full frame cameras? Pretty likely, but chances are, Sony keeps these for its own use for a year or two.
It’s interesting to note, as well, that first Sony and then Panasonic produced lower-resolution versions of their flagship cameras, with the Sony A7s and the Panasonic GH5s. In both cases, the cameras are more optimized for video, and for HD or 4K video, extra pixels beyond the 8 megabytes of the 4K frame are not important. But larger pixels offer more low light sensitivity, lower noise levels, and higher overall dynamic range.
Specialty Cameras
That’s not to say there’s no point in a 500–600+ megapixel camera. There are examples.
One is the Google Art Camera, which is a camera designed by Google to take very high quality photos of artworks. It’s not crazy high resolution on its own, because that would miss the whole point. It’s a robotic camera that can scan any painting, taking multiple shots that are composited together to make the final image. That way, the resolution is the same per inch, rather than the same per painting as an actual single-shot camera of any resolution would deliver. But it typically puts out results in excess of 1000 megapixels.
Another is the ARGUS-IS (Autonomous Real-Time Ground Ubiquitous Surveillance Imaging System) built by DARPA. This 368 Aptina MT9P031 5 megapixel smartphone sensors to create a single-shot camera delivering 1.8 gigapixels in a single shot. This camera uses four separate lenses with four sensor arrays, to avoid any gaps that would occur in a single matrix of sensors.
Read More
Dave Haynie's answer to Is there a digital camera that has the same picture quality as the human eye?
100 Megapixels: The New Standard in Photography
[LINK: 100 Megapixels: The New Standard in Photography](https://petapixel.com/2017/01/26/100-megapixels-new-standard-photography/)
Canon 120MP DSLR Shows Off its Stuff at Canon Expo
[LINK: Canon 120MP DSLR Shows Off its Stuff at Canon Expo](https://petapixel.com/2016/05/20/canon-120mp-dslr-shows-off-stuff-canon-expo/)
Pixel Size, Aperture and Airy Disks
Dave Haynie's answer to What major improvement will be made to cameras in the future?
Google just unveiled a 'gigapixel' camera – but it's not for you to take selfies with
10 Jaw-Dropping Gigapixel Photos
[LINK: 10 Jaw-Dropping Gigapixel Photos](https://www.pcmag.com/feature/310489/10-jaw-dropping-gigapixel-photos)
[LINK: 1 of 14 answers](https://www.quora.com/Human-eye-has-a-resolution-of-576-megapixels-Can-a-DSLR-camera-having-576-megapixels-resolution-ever-get-developed-How-Why-not)
Actually you can use those telescopes. You just have to apply to reserve time on it. Of course if there are more applicants than hours available, I’m certain an amateur won’t get time over a university researcher, but you get the idea.
You must be the most underrated writer on Quora.
[LINK: 6mo](https://www.quora.com/Human-eye-has-a-resolution-of-576-megapixels-Can-a-DSLR-camera-having-576-megapixels-resolution-ever-get-developed-How-Why-not/answer/Dave-Haynie?comment_id=478610380&comment_type=2)
[LINK: 6mo](https://www.quora.com/Human-eye-has-a-resolution-of-576-megapixels-Can-a-DSLR-camera-having-576-megapixels-resolution-ever-get-developed-How-Why-not/answer/Dave-Haynie?comment_id=478618568&comment_type=2)
This is an awesome description!!
Goodness me that was a great answer. I've been interested in photography (at a very amateur level) for some time now and I actually feel like this answer has unraveled quite a few questions that I had in my head… just wasn't sure how or what I had to ask.
Lovely stuff.
[LINK: View 13 other answers to this question](https://www.quora.com/Human-eye-has-a-resolution-of-576-megapixels-Can-a-DSLR-camera-having-576-megapixels-resolution-ever-get-developed-How-Why-not)
[LINK: Megapixels](https://www.quora.com/topic/Megapixels-1)

--------------------