# Togal.AI
**URL:** https://www.togal.ai
**Page Title:** The Ultimate AI Companion for Estimators | Togal.AI
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie app.vidzflow.com 4 pusherTransportTLS Technical cookie that synchronizes the website and the CMS. This is used to update the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 64c804c83c2a878381a29d9d#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie core.service.elfsight.com embed.ly hsforms.com www.togal.ai zoominfo.com 7 _cfuvid [x7] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dd.g2.com 1 datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie g2.com hubspot.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie t.cometlytrack.com js.hs-analytics.net 2 cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider _zitok Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.vidzflow.com 4 pusherTransportTLS Technical cookie that synchronizes the website and the CMS. This is used to update the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 64c804c83c2a878381a29d9d#pages Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- core.service.elfsight.com embed.ly hsforms.com www.togal.ai zoominfo.com 7 _cfuvid [x7] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- dd.g2.com 1 datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- g2.com hubspot.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- t.cometlytrack.com js.hs-analytics.net 2 cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider messagesUtk Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie app.vidzflow.com 1 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage g2.com 1 _g2_session_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie togal-ai.navattic.com 1 theme-ui-color-mode Remembers the user's preferences in terms of font size and colours on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.g2.com 1 events_distinct_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider messagesUtk Stores a unique ID string for each chat-box session. This allows the website-support to see previous issues and reconnect with the previous supporter. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.vidzflow.com 1 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- g2.com 1 _g2_session_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- togal-ai.navattic.com 1 theme-ui-color-mode Remembers the user's preferences in terms of font size and colours on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.g2.com 1 events_distinct_id Used to embed customer reviews onto the site from third-party review sites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x4] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.amplitude.com 7 AMP_unsent_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_MKTG_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TLDTEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.ashbyprd.com 1 dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage unpkg.com 1 amp-exp-$default_instance-# This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.g2.com 1 NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.togal.ai 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 4 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 5 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x4] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.amplitude.com 7 AMP_unsent_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage AMP_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_MKTG_# [x2] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TLDTEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie AMP_TEST Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.ashbyprd.com 1 dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- unpkg.com 1 amp-exp-$default_instance-# This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.g2.com 1 NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.togal.ai 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Elfsight 1 Learn more about this provider elfsight_viewed_recently Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. __Host-GAPS Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker togal-ai.navattic.com 2 __NAVATTIC_FLOW____CUSTOMER_ID__ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __NAVATTIC_FLOW____SESSION_ID__ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.togal.ai 1 unifiedScriptVerified Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 3 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Elfsight 1 Learn more about this provider elfsight_viewed_recently Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. __Host-GAPS Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HUBLYTICS_EVENTS_53 Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.jsdelivr.net 1 yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.prod.website-files.com 1 pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- togal-ai.navattic.com 2 __NAVATTIC_FLOW____CUSTOMER_ID__ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __NAVATTIC_FLOW____SESSION_ID__ Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.togal.ai 1 unifiedScriptVerified Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.vector.co 2 vector_pixel_80b47c0e-2ed1-48d4-ba30-65ccbb05d8cc_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage vector_pixel_80b47c0e-2ed1-48d4-ba30-65ccbb05d8cc_visitor_uuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dd.g2.com 1 dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie t.cometlytrack.com www.togal.ai 2 ctCartToken [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage unpkg.com 2 EXP_7622f6490e_DEFAULT_USER_PROVIDER Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_unsent_$default_instance Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.g2.com 1 va_sidenav_open Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- ZoomInfo 1 Learn more about this provider ziScriptSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.vector.co 2 vector_pixel_80b47c0e-2ed1-48d4-ba30-65ccbb05d8cc_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage vector_pixel_80b47c0e-2ed1-48d4-ba30-65ccbb05d8cc_visitor_uuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- dd.g2.com 1 dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- t.cometlytrack.com www.togal.ai 2 ctCartToken [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- unpkg.com 2 EXP_7622f6490e_DEFAULT_USER_PROVIDER Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage EXP_unsent_$default_instance Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.g2.com 1 va_sidenav_open Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Faster Takeoffs
- Cloud-Based Collaboration
- Eliminate Costly Errors

## Industry Leaders Use Togal.AI

## The #1 takeoff tool built by estimators, for estimators.

### Increase Accuracy

98% accuracy on floor plans

### Save Time

Takeoff construction projects are 80% faster

### Collaborate in the Cloud

Cloud-based collaboration allows multiple team members to work on the same takeoff in real time

### Analyze Instantly

Instantly analyze any drawing, no matter the file type

### Compare Quickly

Quickly COMPARE drawing sets and QUANTIFY changes with a simple click

### Automate with AI

Eliminate manual tasks with our AI-powered technology & "talk" to your construction plans with our Togal.CHAT feature!

## See What Togal.AI Customers Are Saying

## See What Togal.AI Customers Are Saying

## See What Togal.AI Customers Are Saying

### Togal.AI will allow us to focus on more significant tasks

Patrick Mc Gowan

### With Togal.AI, we get 90% of our take off done in a matter of minutes and not hours.

Brad Brady

### The Exact Tool for Takeoff That I Was Looking For

Murtaza Lokhandwala

### Efficient Takeoffs with Constant Updates

Daniela Silva Morales

### Outstanding Support Makes Togal Standout

Gary Heffers

### Breakthrough Tool for Fast Blueprint Breakdowns

Rob Felder

### Lumber Yard Utilizing Togal

Samuel Moore

### Very Valuable to Our Estimating Team

Senior Estimator

### The “Togal Button” has become my good friend

Craig Skinner

### Togal.AI has automated the takeoff process and made our days much more efficient

Mike Hurley

### Thanks to Togal, we can almost instantly inform those early decisions

Les O'Bryan

### Togal is a no brainer.

Chris Christy

### Togal.AI will allow us to focus on more significant tasks

Patrick Mc Gowan

### With Togal.AI, we get 90% of our take off done in a matter of minutes and not hours.

Brad Brady

### The Exact Tool for Takeoff That I Was Looking For

Murtaza Lokhandwala

### Efficient Takeoffs with Constant Updates

Daniela Silva Morales

## Revolutionizing the Construction Industry for the better...

We're honored to be recognized around the world for our innovative software, built by estimators, for estimators.

## In the News

### Bridging the Gap Podcast: Insights & Innovations in Construction

### Togal.AI Wins AGC National Innovation Award

### Slashing Pre-Construction Costs with Togal.ai on NBC Miami: Innovation on 6

## Want to see how much faster your takeoffs can be?


--------------------