# Transcribe
**URL:** https://transcribe.wreally.com
**Page Title:** Transcription Software to Convert Audio to Text | Transcribe
--------------------


## Transcribe Audio to Text, Fast & Securely.

### Privacy-focused AI transcription speech to text software.

### Convert your interviews, videos, phone calls, audio notes, lectures, speeches, podcasts, meetings or really any recorded speech to text in over 80+ languages .
          Export your transcript as doc, txt or subtitle files.

## 4 Time-Saving Ways to Convert Audio to Text Incredibly Fast

- Upload your file, get a transcript generated by machines instantly.
- Play your file, dictate what you hear and voice-type.
- Load your file, slow it down in our player & type with shortcuts.
- Load your file, control playback using a foot pedal & type.

### Magical Automatic Transcription ✨

### Voice Type with Dictation 🎙

### Self Transcription 🔊

## Transcription Software You're Going to Love

### Create Subtitles for Videos

## But Don't Take Our Word For It!

Here's what our customers are saying...
If you have to transcribe recorded interviews and hate doing it, I can really recommend
            Wreally's new auto-transcription feature. Upload the mp3, it spits out the text. Boom. I'm really
            surprised at the accuracy. It costs, but not much. Game-changer.
— Rhodri M (@rhodri)
Transcribe numerous interviews @wreallystudios . This is the best tool
          for #transcribing audio ever! transcribe.wreally.com Thanks you from saving my sanity!
          This service is a dream tool.
— Doris R (@DorisRoach)
Transcribing my research interviews with the excellent Transcribe Wreally tool. Thanks
            guys! it is making an arduous job much easier and faster. #MastersDegree transcribe.wreally.com @wreallystudios
— Michelle T (@mdutoit74)

## Some Useful Transcription Resources to Save you Oodles of Time


--------------------