# TrueAccord
**URL:** https://trueaccord.com
**Page Title:** Collect faster from happier people
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
We collect personal information to provide our services. We do not sell personal information. If you are a business contact, most of the information we have was provided to us by you or your organization and/or collected directly through the use of our website. If you are a consumer in collection, most of the information we have is provided to us by the current creditor and/or collected directly through the use of our services, emails, web applications, and phone calls. If you are an applicant or employee, most of the information we have was provided to us by you through the application or employment process. For more details on how we use, share, and delete personal information see our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use .
This website uses cookies to personalize content and to analyze our traffic.  We may disclose information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising, and analytics vendors who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services for the purpose of serving you relevant advertisements about our business.
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website as well as special features like ability to play embedded videos. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ip2org-ext.zi-ext.com ip2org-ext-api-gw-prd.zi-ext.com 2 visitorId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pages.trueaccord.com 2 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pages.trueaccord.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie www.trueaccord.com 1 PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie zoominfo.com 1 _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.mxpnl.com 1 __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- ip2org-ext.zi-ext.com ip2org-ext-api-gw-prd.zi-ext.com 2 visitorId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- pages.trueaccord.com 2 __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- pages.trueaccord.com consent.cookiebot.com 2 CookieConsent [x2] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.trueaccord.com 1 PLAY_SESSION Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- zoominfo.com 1 _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like if you identify whether you are a consumer or a business customer. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider tf_random_id Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tf_respondent_cc Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie trueaccord.com 1 welcome_new_user_preference Saves the user's choice on redirections between corporate sites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider tf_random_id Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage tf_respondent_cc Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- trueaccord.com 1 welcome_new_user_preference Saves the user's choice on redirections between corporate sites. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help us  understand how visitors interact with our websites by collecting and reporting information in aggregate. Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie tracking_session_id Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.metadata.io 2 Metadata_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Metadata_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.mxpnl.com 2 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_b2aeaebef542d91452018293fc4df76f Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_b2aeaebef542d91452018293fc4df76f Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ws.zoominfo.com 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.trueaccord.com 3 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ta-visitor Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie tracking_session_id Determines when the visitor last visited the different subpages on the website, as well as sets a timestamp for when the session started. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.metadata.io 2 Metadata_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Metadata_visitor_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.mxpnl.com 2 mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_b2aeaebef542d91452018293fc4df76f Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_b2aeaebef542d91452018293fc4df76f Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- ws.zoominfo.com 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.trueaccord.com 3 mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ta-visitor Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads about our company that are relevant for the individual user. Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider #-visitorId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage attribution_user_id Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.mxpnl.com 2 mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketo 1 Learn more about this provider _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Typeform 2 Learn more about this provider #-visitorId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage attribution_user_id Used in context with the website’s pop-up questionnaires and messengering. The data is used for statistical or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 18 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.mxpnl.com 2 mp_#_mixpanel [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient.
This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages.
You can at any time change your cookies consent from the Cookie Declaration on our public website.

## Collect faster from happier people.

## HumAIn Financial Solutions™

TrueAccord is the industry-leading recovery and collections platform powered by machine learning and a consumer-friendly digital experience.

## Our platform can handle all of your delinquency needs from one day past due through charge off.

### Best-in-class results

Recover faster with HeartBeat, our patented machine learning platform that automatically improves and optimizes engagement over time.

### Better for consumers

Give people the power to settle their debts with a flexible, self-serve digital experience.

### Scalability

Delinquency infrastructure that can scale efficiently to any collections or recover volume.

### End-to-end personalization

Reach consumers with the right message, on the right channel, at the right time.

## See how HeartBeat delivers world class results.

### OUR SOLUTIONS

### TrueAccord

## Late Stage Collections

TrueAccord offers third-party collection services for better relationships and faster recoveries. Achieve higher liquidation through engagement, commitment, and resolution. All made possible through machine learning and a digital user experience.

## Trusted by market leaders. Loved by consumers.

We’re leaders in our field and work with trusted industry organizations and regulators.

### Featured E-Book / Report

### Why Evolve from Outbound Calling to Omnichannel Engagement?

In this data-driven eBook, compare traditional outbound calling methods versus a digital-first omnichannel approach for debt collection.

## Get started today.

Whatever your organization’s technical needs, we have the tools and experts to onboard you today.

### Welcome to TrueAccord. Let’s save you time:

I’m an individual looking to pay my debt
I’m a business looking for an intelligent collection solution
Closing in 8 s

--------------------