# TTSMP3
**URL:** https://ttsmp3.com
**Page Title:** Free Text-To-Speech for 28+ languages & MP3 Download | ttsMP3.com
--------------------


## Free Text-To-Speech and Text-to-MP3 for US English

Easily convert your US English text into professional speech for free. Perfect for e-learning, presentations, YouTube videos and increasing the accessibility of your website. Our voices pronounce your texts in their own language using a specific accent. Plus, these texts can be downloaded as MP3. In some languages, multiple speakers are available.
Woah, that is quite some text...
Please give us a moment to process your request...
Input limit: 3,000 characters / Don't forget to turn on your speakers :-)
Hint: If you finish a sentence, leave a space after the dot before the next one starts for better pronunciation.

### Here are some features to use while generating speech:

Please note: Remove any diacritical signs from the speakers names when using this, Léa = Lea, Penélope = Penelope
[LINK: Amazon SSML Tags for Amazon Polly](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/polly/latest/dg/supportedtags.html)

### Facts about the US English language:

English was brought to Britain in the mid 5th to 7th centuries. If you were to ask those who don't speak English whether or not it's a hard language to learn, you'd likely get more than a few who insist that it is among the hardest.
Though, it can be argued that English is easy since it has no gender, no word agreement, and no cases. Yet, it does have words such as through, threw, and thru, all sounds the same, but are spelled differently, and can't be used interchangeably.
English also has polish, and Polish. One is used to make furniture shine, while the other is a language. Or take resume and resume, one is used when you're filling out job applications, and the other is used when you want to tell someone to carry on with what they're doing.
As you can see above, the English language can be challenging, however, it's far from the most difficult language to learn. With a bit of study, and some practice, almost anyone can learn English. One of the best ways to learn the language is to find a friend who speaks English, and is willing to have conversations with you. This will help you immerse yourself in the language and pick up on the nuances, and speech patterns of English. With a bit of practice, you'll soon be speaking English like it's your native language.

### Supported voice languages:

Current Limit: ~375 words or 3,000 characters / day | Powered by AWS Polly
Get in touch? Mail us:
Need to convert more text to speech? Register here for a 24 hour premium access.
© 2026 ttsMP3.com | AI Voices | FAQ | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | API Documentation
[LINK: API Documentation](/apidoc)
Welcome to ttsmp3.com

## Unlock more content

Take action to continue accessing the content on this site

--------------------