# TTSReader
**URL:** https://ttsreader.com
**Page Title:** TTSReader | Text To Speech Reader Online. Accurate & Free
--------------------


## Text To Speech (TTS) Reader. Online. Accurate. Free.

## Instantly turns any text to natural sounding speech for listening online or generating downloadable audio. Reads out loud any document, text, book & webpage.

View & listen text-to-speech demo: real-life text-audio sync created by TTSReader NEW

### Listen to Textual Content

Reads out loud plain text, files, PDFs, e-books and websites. Remembers text, caret position & prefs, so you can come back to listening later. Supports export to mp3 as well. Free voices alongside premium AI voices.

### Studio Grade Narrations

Build professional audio experiences with the world's leading expressive AI voices. Mix voices, languages, speeds, pauses & more. Enterprise quality at affordable pricing. MP3 export to download and share. Try for free.
Trusted by millions of users worldwide, including businesses, colleges & schools, students, bloggers, authors and anyone who likes to enjoy a story or learn something new by listening. Microsoft for Startups 2024.
Here are a few samples of real text-to-speech generated by our system. Click on an avatar to listen.
TTSReader works great on ANY browser & operating system. No need to download or install. Simply paste the text and click "play" or "export". TTSReader remembers the article and last position when paused, even if you close the browser. This way, you can come back to listening right where you previously left. Works on mobile too. Ideal for listening to articles while driving, travelling, exercising, working and more. Ideal for proofreading, education, and creating professional commercial-ready voice-overs, for videos, telephony, audio-books and more.
Ready to have your own text read out loud? Click here to start for free.
+5 M
Words Read Per Day

### Additional Text-To-Speech Solutions

Listen to Wikipedia articles with premium AI voices for free. Over 100,000 articles already pre-synthesized to speech. Downloadable audio MP3.
SpeechNinja says what you type in real time. It enables people with speech difficulties to speak out loud using synthesized voice (AAC) and more.
Battle tested for years, serving millions of users, especially good for very long texts.
Need to read a webpage? Simply paste its URL here & click play. Leave empty to read about the Beatles 🎸

### How is TTSReader Different from other Text-To-Speech Generators?

Here are the main points that set TTSReader apart from other online text-to-speech providers, and why TTSReader is the best choice for you:
- Quality & Price: Highest quality combined with the lowest price. TTSReader brings the world's MOST ADVANCED AI VOICES (by Microsoft, Google, OpenAI, etc.) at the most AFFORDABLE PRICE and some voices even for FREE for unlimited use.
- Listen online - edit on the fly - export.
- 100% Satisfaction guaranteed! No questions asked.
- Offline supported - download as MP3 file to listen anywhere anytime.
- Copyrights & commercial ready! Use the exported speech for ANY purpose. It's all yours.
- Trustworthy - safe - private - we have a name (company is WellSource Ltd.), face (developed and maintained by Ronen Rabinovici and his only-excellent team), and world-known reputation. Trusted by Microsoft, universities, schools, world-known authors, businesses, and millions of users since 2015.
- Persistence of your work - text, caret position and preferences.
- Combine multiple voices , languages, speeds in a single file to create dialogs and more.
- ALL WebSpeech-API voices are given for 100% FREE , without any usage limits.
- ACCURACY & expressiveness in reading text aloud.
- NO ADS . Which means clear interface, fast loading, highest privacy, and especially suitable for education, students, and classrooms.
- Edit WHILE playing the audio - especially useful for proofreading use-case and for generating professional voice-overs from texts.
- Text editor that supports RICH TEXT - so users can now have titles, etc.
- Reading webpages (simply paste the link and click 'PLAY'), as well as documents DOCX, PDF, all text formats (TXT, CSV, ...) and ebooks (EPUB).
- For writers - we added word & character counter
- Single click export to render MP3 - which is downloadable & sharable directly from TTSReader. See sample here - for an exported text - how it looks - it also follows the text as the audio is played - and vice versa - a click on the text brings the audio to that location. See sample - see how teachers can share their rendered audio with a single click - it effectively creates a webpage with their own text-audio content - which the students can consume for FREE (teacher has premium to render the page, student uses for free) - sample exported text-to-speech with text-audio sync .
- WikiTTS - with the most popular 50k wiki articles read out loud - 100% FREE - NO ADS - WikiTTS - wiki articles read out loud - download MP3 to listen anytime - 100% free.
Get Started for Free

## Reviews & Users’ Feedback (4.4 stars!)

We made this software for our users. That's why we're so happy to hear your feedback. Our users have rated TTSReader on the Chrome-store higher than 4.4 stars! Well above other online alternatives. Here are some of the user reviews we got on the Chrome store:
"It works perfectly. and its free Best reader with unlimited usage my kids love it Thank you very much"
"Works like a charm. I have tries several other "text to speech" apps and extensions and this is the only one that works and it works well!!"
"Fantastic! Sentences are clear and the pacing is perfect!"
... And there are many more. Read more on our reviews page
Thanks a lot guys! Your feedback gives us great motivation to keep going in developing great solutions

## Instructions & More

Paste in the app's text box any text you want to be read out for you. Click "play" or "export". That's it. TTSReader will take care of the rest, so you can enjoy listening or download the rendered speech for listening offline or publishing. Pause & Play - any click on the central "play/pause" button will pause or restart the reading from the last position accordingly. Set language, accent & reading pace - using the voice selector. You can also mix multiple voices in a single file to create multi-voice narrations.
TTSReader is really cross-platform. It works great on any desktop, mac, laptop, Chromebooks and mobile.

## Main Use Cases

### Listen to great content

Most of the world's content is in textual form. Being able to listen to it - is huge! In that sense, TTSReader has a huge advantage over podcasts. You choose your content - out of an infinite variety - that includes humanity's entire knowledge and art richness. Listen to lectures, to PDF files. Paste or upload any text from anywhere, edit it if needed, and listen to it anywhere and anytime.

### Proofreading

One of the best ways to catch errors in your writing is to listen to it being read aloud. By using TTSReader for proofreading, you can catch errors that you might have missed while reading silently, allowing you to improve the quality and accuracy of your written content. Errors can be in sentence structure, punctuation, and grammar, but also in your essay's structure, order and content.

### Listen to web pages

TTSReader can be used to read out loud webpages in two different ways. 1. Using the regular player - paste the URL and click play. The website's content will be imported into the player. (2) Using our Chrome extension to listen to pages without leaving the page . Listening to web pages with TTSReader can provide a more accessible, convenient, and efficient way of consuming online content.

### Turn ebooks into audiobooks

Upload any ebook file of epub format - and TTSReader will read it out loud for you, effectively turning it into an audiobook alternative. You can find thousands of epub books for free, available for download on Project Gutenberg's site, which is an open library for free ebooks.

### Read along for speed & comprehension

TTSReader enables read along by highlighting the sentence being read and automatically scrolling to keep it in view. This way you can follow with your own eyes - in parallel to listening to it. This can boost reading speed and improve comprehension.

### Generate audio files from text

TTSReader enables exporting the synthesized speech with a single click. This is available currently only on Windows and requires TTSReader’s premium . Adhering to the commercial terms some of the voices may be used commercially for publishing, such as narrating videos.

### Accessibility, dyslexia, etc.

For individuals with visual impairments or reading difficulties, listening to textual content, lectures, articles & web pages can be an essential tool for accessing & comprehending information.

### Language learning

TTSReader can read out text in multiple languages, providing learners with listening as well as speaking practice. By listening to the text being read aloud, learners can improve their comprehension skills and pronunciation.

### Kids - stories & learning

Kids love stories! And if you can read them stories - it's definitely the best! But, if you can't, let TTSReader read them stories for you. Set the right voice and speed, that is appropriate for their comprehension level. For kids who are at the age of learning to read - this can also be an effective tool to strengthen that skill, as it highlights every sentence being read.

## Main Features

### TTSReader is a free Text to Speech Reader that supports all modern browsers, including Chrome, Firefox and Safari.

Includes multiple languages and accents. If on Chrome - you will get access to Google's voices as well. Super easy to use - no download, no login required. Here are some more features

### Fun, Online, Free. Listen to great content

Drag, drop & play (or directly copy text & play). That’s it. No installs. Works on any browser & OS. Simply fun to use and listen to great content. Great for listening in the background. Great for proof-reading. Follow along with text-highlighting. Set preferred font-size & theme to make reading as comfortable as it can be. Great for kids and more.

### Multilingual, Natural Voices

We facilitate high-quality natural-sounding voices from different sources. There are male & female voices, in different accents and different languages. Choose the voice you like, insert text, click play to generate the synthesized speech and enjoy listening. We bring the latest cutting-edge AI voices from Google , Microsoft , and OpenAI , as well as system installed voices for offline availability via the web's SpeechSynthesis API .
[LINK: Google](https://cloud.google.com/text-to-speech/docs/list-voices-and-types)
[LINK: OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/text-to-speech)
[LINK: SpeechSynthesis API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/SpeechSynthesis)

### Exit, Come Back & Play from Where You Stopped

TTSReader remembers the article and last position when paused, even if you close the browser. This way, you can come back to listening right where you previously left. Works on Chrome & Safari on mobile too. Ideal for listening to articles.

### Vs. Recorded Podcasts

In many aspects, synthesized speech has advantages over recorded podcasts. Here are some: First of all - you have unlimited - free - content. That includes high-quality articles and books, that are not available on podcasts. Second - it’s free. Third - it uses almost no data - so it’s available offline too, and you save money. If you like listening on the go, as while driving or walking - get our free Android Text Reader App .

### Read PDF Files, Texts & Websites

TTSReader extracts the text from pdf files, and reads it out loud. Also useful for simply copying text from pdf to anywhere. In addition, it highlights the text currently being read - so you can follow with your eyes. If you specifically want to listen to websites - such as blogs, news, wiki - you should get our free extension for Chrome

### Export Speech to Audio Files

TTSReader enables exporting the synthesized speech to mp3 audio files. Great for listening later, offline, generating video narrations, creating audiobooks, sharing and commercial voice-overs.

## Ways to Get In Touch, Feedback & Community

Visit our contact page , for various ways to get in touch with us, send us feedback and interact with our community of users & developers.

--------------------