# Video Intelligence
**URL:** https://cloud.google.com/video-intelligence
**Page Title:** Video AI and intelligence | Google Cloud
--------------------

Try Gemini 3 , our best model for reasoning, coding, and multimodal understanding in Vertex AI

## Video AI

Enable powerful content discovery and engaging video experiences.
Get 1,000 units to analyze rich video metadata free per month. New customers also get up to $300 in free credits to try Video AI and other Google Cloud products.
- Precise video analysis that recognize over 20,000 objects, places, and actions in video
Precise video analysis that recognize over 20,000 objects, places, and actions in video
- Gain near real time insights with streaming video annotation and object-based event triggers
Gain near real time insights with streaming video annotation and object-based event triggers
- Extract rich metadata at the video, shot, or frame level.
Extract rich metadata at the video, shot, or frame level.
- Build engaging customer experiences with highlight reels, recommendations, and more
Build engaging customer experiences with highlight reels, recommendations, and more
VIDEO
35:19
Benefits

### Precise video analysis

Precise video analysis
Recognize over 20,000 objects, places, and actions in stored and streaming video. Extract rich metadata at the video, shot, or frame level.

### Simplify media management

Simplify media management
Search your video catalog the same way you search documents. Extract metadata that can be used to index, organize, and search your video content, as well as control and filter content for what’s most relevant.

### Easily create intelligent video apps

Easily create intelligent video apps
Gain insights from video in near real time using streaming video annotation and trigger events based on objects detected. Build engaging customer experiences with highlight reels, recommendations, and more.
[LINK: streaming video annotation](/video-intelligence/docs/streaming/streaming)
Key features

## Two ways to make your media more discoverable and valuable

### Video Intelligence API

Video Intelligence API has pre-trained machine learning models that automatically recognize a vast number of objects, places, and actions in stored and streaming video. Offering exceptional quality out of the box, it’s highly efficient for common use cases and improves over time as new concepts are introduced.
[LINK: Video Intelligence API](https://cloud.google.com/video-intelligence/docs/annotate-video-command-line)
Adam Leary, VP, Data Science Services, CBS Interactive
What's new

## Discover the latest in Video Intelligence products

Find out what people are saying about our Video Intelligence products
Video
Video intelligence takes to the streets Watch video
Video
I created an AI-powered video archive for searching family videos Watch video
Report
Forrester New WaveTM: Computer Vision (CV) Platforms, Q4 2019 Read report
[LINK: Report Gartner 2020 Magic Quadrant for Cloud AI Developer Services Read report](/blog/products/ai-machine-learning/google-named-leader-gartner-2020-magic-quadrant-cloud-ai-developer-services)
Report
Gartner 2020 Magic Quadrant for Cloud AI Developer Services Read report
Use cases
Identify when inappropriate content is being shown in a given video. You can instantly conduct content moderation across petabytes of data and more quickly and efficiently filter your content or user-generated content.
Build a content recommendation engine with labels generated by Video Intelligence API and a user’s viewing history and preferences. This will simplify content discovery for your users and guide them to the most relevant content that they want.
Create an indexed archive of your entire video library by using the metadata from Video Intelligence API. Ideal for mass media companies, Video Intelligence API can automatically analyze content and make the results immediately accessible via the API.
You can identify appropriate locations in videos to insert ads that are contextually relevant to the video content. This can be done by matching the timeframe-specific labels of your video content with the content of your advertisements.
Pricing

### Pricing

Google Cloud’s Video Intelligence API offer pricing options that work with your needs.
Video Intelligence products
Pricing guide
Video Intelligence API
Get 1,000 free minutes of stored video plus 1,000 free minutes of streamed video each month.
Documentation
All customers get 1,000 units to analyze rich video metadata free per month. New customers also get up to $300 in free credits to try Video AI and other Google Cloud products.
- Have a large project? Contact sales
- Work with a trusted partner Find a partner
- Continue browsing See all products

--------------------