# Weaviate
**URL:** https://weaviate.io
**Page Title:** The AI database developers love | Weaviate
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
We use cookies to enable basic website functionalities, personalize content and ads, and analyze our traffic . By clicking “Accept All”, you agree to the storing and use of data as described in our Privacy Policy .
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider embed/v3/counters.gif Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie beehiiv.com 1 cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie beehiiv.com elfsightcdn.com g2.com hubapi.com luma.com lumacdn.com 7 __cf_bm [x7] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie client.px-cloud.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie core.service.elfsight.com hsforms.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie weaviate.io 1 debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.emailpig.com 1 XSRF-TOKEN Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie x.clearbitjs.com 1 pfjs%3Acookies Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 6 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider embed/v3/counters.gif Used to implement forms on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- beehiiv.com 1 cf_clearance This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- beehiiv.com elfsightcdn.com g2.com hubapi.com luma.com lumacdn.com 7 __cf_bm [x7] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.px-cloud.net 3 _px3 Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _pxvid This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pxcts This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- core.service.elfsight.com hsforms.com 3 _cfuvid [x3] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- weaviate.io 1 debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.emailpig.com 1 XSRF-TOKEN Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- x.clearbitjs.com 1 pfjs%3Acookies Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. S Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Wix 1 Learn more about this provider _wixAB3 This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.ashbyprd.com 1 dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.cr-relay.com 1 cookiecookie This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie x.clearbitjs.com 1 cb%3Atest Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. S Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 3 Learn more about this provider __hssc Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 2 Learn more about this provider _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Wix 1 Learn more about this provider _wixAB3 This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.ashbyprd.com 1 dd_cookie_test_# Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.cr-relay.com 1 cookiecookie This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- x.clearbitjs.com 1 cb%3Atest Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Elfsight 1 Learn more about this provider elfsight_viewed_recently Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. COMPASS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie GFE_RTT Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 29 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie app.guideflow.com www.googletagmanager.com 2 _gcl_ls [x2] Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage embeds.beehiiv.com 1 pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tag.clearbitscripts.com 2 cb_group_properties Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cb_user_traits Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage x.clearbitjs.com 4 __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cb_anonymous_id Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cb_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cb_user_id Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Elfsight 1 Learn more about this provider elfsight_viewed_recently Determines which products the user has viewed, allowing the website to promote related products. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. COMPASS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie GFE_RTT Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider hubspotutk Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 29 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- app.guideflow.com www.googletagmanager.com 2 _gcl_ls [x2] Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- embeds.beehiiv.com 1 pxsid Registers data on visitor such as IP addresses, geographical location and advertisement interaction. This information is used optimize the advertisement on websites that make use of Rubicon Project-services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- tag.clearbitscripts.com 2 cb_group_properties Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cb_user_traits Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- x.clearbitjs.com 4 __tld__ Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie cb_anonymous_id Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cb_group_id Collects data on visitors. This information is used to assign visitors into segments, making website advertisement more efficient. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cb_user_id Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. app.guideflow.com 1 __session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.cr-relay.com 2 signals-sdk-session-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie signals-sdk-user-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie client.px-cloud.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie embeds.beehiiv.com 6 PXeBumDLwe_px_c_p_PXeBumDLwe Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_pxtiming Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage pxcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lu.ma 3 luma.did Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie luma.first-page Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie luma.native-referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie static.scarf.sh 1 a.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage weaviate.io 4 __nfsec Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie docusaurus.announcement.dismiss Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage docusaurus.announcement.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- app.guideflow.com 1 __session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.cr-relay.com 2 signals-sdk-session-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie signals-sdk-user-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- client.px-cloud.net 2 _pxttld [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- embeds.beehiiv.com 6 PXeBumDLwe_px_c_p_PXeBumDLwe Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_px_hvd Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_px_nfsp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_px-ff Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PXeBumDLwe_pxtiming Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage pxcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- lu.ma 3 luma.did Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie luma.first-page Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie luma.native-referrer Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- static.scarf.sh 1 a.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- tracking-api.g2.com 1 g2tracking Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- weaviate.io 4 __nfsec Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie docusaurus.announcement.dismiss Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage docusaurus.announcement.id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage hs-cta-interactions#cta Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie Declaration on our website. Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy . Please state your consent ID and date when you contact us regarding your consent.

## Your stack’s missing piece for RAG, agents, and everything coming next

Smart, contextual search across unstructured data
Trustworthy chat experiences grounded in your data
Knowledgeable AI agents and agentic workflows

### Production-ready AI applications, faster

Spin up a cluster, point it at your data, and go. Weaviate can take care of embeddings, ranking, and auto-scaling so you can ship features, not infrastructure.
[LINK: Weaviate Quickstart](https://docs.weaviate.io/weaviate/quickstart)
[LINK: Language agnostic by design](https://docs.weaviate.io/weaviate/client-libraries)
Use SDKs for Python, Go, TypeScript, or JavaScript—or connect to GraphQL or REST APIs.
[LINK: Seamless model integration](https://docs.weaviate.io/weaviate/model-providers)
Connect your ML models of choice, or use our built-in embedding service.
Reduce manual work with pre-built agents that interact with and improve your data.
[LINK: MORE DEVELOPER RESOURCES -->](https://docs.weaviate.io/weaviate)
Avoid separate systems and complex data pipelines. Write less custom code and build AI apps faster.
Adapt to any workload. Scale seamlessly as you grow up or out, all while optimizing costs.
Run securely in our cloud or yours. Meet enterprise requirements like RBAC, SOC 2, and HIPAA.
Fuel your AI products with cutting-edge features and first-class support from our global team of experts.
Join our community of over 50,000 AI builders. Attend courses, events, and discussions online or in-person.

## The best teams choose Weaviate to power their AI products

With over 20M open source downloads and thousands of customers, Weaviate is a core piece of the stack for leading startups, scale-ups, and enterprises.

### Turning over 450 data types into customer insights

### Production-ready AI assistant built in 7 days

### Customer service agents with 90% faster search

### Successful management of 42M vectors in production

### "Accuracy — how good the answer is — is the first thing we want to optimize for. That’s how we found Weaviate."

Kerry Chang

### “We were able to translate the speed of implementation of Weaviate to the speed of delivering commercial AI products within a year.”

Hidden Name

### "The biggest benefit of using Weaviate isn't just the technology – it's the team behind it. The level of support we receive through their engineering team and support channels has been company-saving help.”

Antoni Rosinol

### Let’s build together

Our global community is here to help you with your projects and provide expert advice.

### Learning Center

### Events

### Blog

[LINK: Docs](https://docs.weaviate.io/weaviate)

### Docs

### Stay updated and subscribe to our newsletter

## Ready to get started?

Try Weaviate Cloud today, or get in touch with our team to discuss your needs. We can’t wait to meet you.
- Weaviate Products
- Pricing
- Partners

--------------------