# Wisey
**URL:** https://chalkie.ai
**Page Title:** Chalkie - AI Lesson Generator For Teachers
--------------------

Try for free
Teachers
Schools
Pricing
Contact us
Login

## Lessons in seconds

Standards-aligned learning materials, designed by you and generated by AI

### Give it a go ✨

100+ countries
250,000+ teachers helped
40 languages

## Everything you need to teach and assess learning...

Lessons
Create fun, accurate, and classroom-ready slides. Instantly align to Common Core or your specific state standards.
Lesson series
Want to plan an entire unit? Create an ordered series of lessons on complex topics complete with recaps and quizzes.
Activity sheets
Generate engaging activities to go with your lessons. Ready to share, export or print.
Learn more >
Designed with teachers for teachers.
Create lessons and activities faster than ever before. We’re here to give you back the time and freedom to focus on what’s important. Inspiring children in the classroom.
“This has honestly saved me so much time."
Jess 🇬🇧
Primary School Teacher
“It can save you hours and you can try for free."
Libby 🇬🇧
Primary School Teacher
“Curriculum-aligned lessons in a click of a button."
Sarah 🇨🇦
Middle School Teacher
They love it. So will you.
Resources made for your class
Unique lessons and activities for your students
Chalkie materials are generated by you, so they’re unique every time. Forget the cookie-cutter content. Create lessons tailored to your class based on any topic and at any level you need. All in a moment. ✨
Hit your teaching objectives
Lessons aligned to national or  your state's standards
Align lessons to your state standards and curriculum frameworks. From NGSS for science to C3 for social studies, teach with confidence that your content is always relevant and rigorous.
Create your way
Generate lessons from scratch or use your own resources
Choose your topic, paste in your lesson plan, upload a file or even use a website URL as a starting point. Chalkie is designed to help all teachers save time, however you approach lesson planning.
Still your lessons…just quicker
Edit and style lessons the way you want
Powerful slide editor
Make your own changes or use our AI editing. With a single click you can add another slide, differentiate content for other learners or even just ‘make it more fun’!
Custom themes
Swap colours, fonts and styles in seconds to suit your class and level. Choose from an ever-growing choice of customisable themes.
You've changed the way I can teach and made my life soooo much simpler.
Heather 🇺🇸
Elementary School Teacher
I'm not a tech-savvy teacher and it takes me hours to make lessons half as good as yours. I love Chalkie!
Ahlam 🇺🇸
Middle School Teacher
Thank you, thank you, thank you for creating this! 🙏🙏🙏
Devin 🇺🇸
MIddle School Teacher
Chalkie is brilliant! I’ve used it to create presentations for a couple of lessons so far and it’s already saved me hours. They look great too.
Mona 🇺🇸
Elementary School Teacher
The best thing I've found in my 27 years of teaching.
Tabetha 🇺🇸
Middle School Principal
Chalkie is amazing! Absolute game-changer. A+ from me.
Chelsey 🇺🇸
Elementary School Teacher
Saved loads of hours planning a scheme of learning. Honestly, it's fantastic.
Bethan 🇺🇸
High School Teacher
This has changed my teaching life. Chalkie lessons are engaging and it's so easy to use.
Regina 🇺🇸
Elementary School Teacher
Edit and present your lessons in Chalkie or your
tool of choice.
We know teachers and schools often have their own preferences when it comes to technology. Edit and teach your lessons in Chalkie or you can export to PowerPoint, Google Slides or PDF with the click of a button.
Try Chalkie for free
Want to get in touch?
We're working really hard to improve Chalkie.
We'd love to hear your feedback
Tell us what you think
Useful links
Teachers
Schools
Pricing
FAQs
Blog
Responsible AI
What's next?
Contact us
Features
AI Lesson Plan Generator
Lesson Series
AI Worksheet Generator
AI Class Activity Generator
AI Rubric Generator
AI Tools for Teachers
Resources
Learning resources
Lessons
Classroom activities
Worksheets
Chalkie AI Ltd. 2024
Terms
Privacy
chalkie

--------------------