# Wix
**URL:** https://wix.pxf.io/c/221109/2096727/25616
**Page Title:** The Leader in Website Creation | Create Your Free Website | Wix.com
--------------------


## It's more than a website. It's your future.

Yes, it’s free. Upgrade anytime.

## Setting you up for success, from start to scale.

### Create your website

Start with AI or choose from 1000s of templates. Seamlessly add products, services, a blog and more.

### Launch with confidence

Get a custom domain and built-in, reliable hosting so your site runs smoothly—even during traffic spikes.

### Grow your presence

Reach and engage more people with built-in SEO tools, Google ads, email marketing and social posts.

## The freedom to design it your way

## Start with AI

Generate a site based on your needs and adjust it to match your vision.

## Or use our templates

Pick a designer-made template and customize to make it your own.

## Take the leap like millions before you

## Stand out online.

## FAQs

### What’s the best way to create a website?

Here’s how to create a website in 5 steps:
- Pick a platform. Look for a powerful website builder capable of supporting your specific needs and goals with benefits like ease of use, advanced business solutions, reliable security and customer support. Wix is known to provide all of these.
Pick a platform. Look for a powerful website builder capable of supporting your specific needs and goals with benefits like ease of use, advanced business solutions, reliable security and customer support. Wix is known to provide all of these.
- Start creating. Chat with AI to instantly get a site that’s fully-customizable or go with a business-ready template. Wix offers 900+ designer-made ones to choose from.
Start creating. Chat with AI to instantly get a site that’s fully-customizable or go with a business-ready template. Wix offers 900+ designer-made ones to choose from.
- Customize your site. Use an intuitive drag-and-drop editor to personalize every detail of your site to fit your brand.
Customize your site. Use an intuitive drag-and-drop editor to personalize every detail of your site to fit your brand.
- Publish your site. Take your site live and get a free domain. Wix offers a free domain name for a year on select plans.
Publish your site. Take your site live and get a free domain. Wix offers a free domain name for a year on select plans.
- Promote and drive traffic. Use marketing tools to expand your reach  and target a bigger audience.
Promote and drive traffic. Use marketing tools to expand your reach  and target a bigger audience.

### What are the benefits of using a website creator with AI capabilities?

An AI website builder will create your site in minutes. With the Wix AI website builder, all you need to do is give AI a few details and watch as it crafts a custom site tailored to your needs.

### How much does it cost to build a website?

The cost of a website varies depending on the features you need and whether you opt to build it yourself with a website builder or pay a developer to build it for you. On a website builder such as Wix, you can build a site for free, however, you’ll have to upgrade to a Premium plan to connect a custom domain and get advanced business features. The cost of building a website may be significantly higher if you don’t opt for an all-inclusive platform like Wix.

### How do I choose the best website builder?

You’ll want a website builder that supports your specific needs and goals. Here are a few important factors to consider:
Template options: Look for a platform that offers a large selection of customizable templates tailored to a variety of industries and business types.
Design capabilities: Designing a beautiful website doesn’t have to be difficult. A platform with a drag-and-drop editor will let you create a website easily without the need for code. While adding features like animations, scroll effects, gradients and graphics can make your site design extra exciting. With Wix you get access to hundreds of design tools and AI features that allow you to build a beautiful site effortlessly.
AI tools: Having access to AI tools is a huge advantage as it can help you launch and customize your site a lot faster. Aside from using an AI website builder to make your site, you’ll also want to check if your platform comes with AI tools that create content, generate images and more.
Business solutions: The best website builder for small businesses will include built-in solutions to help you manage and grow seamlessly like eCommerce, booking, blogs, marketing tools and more.
Customer support: Reliable customer support is essential. It’s important to check what support options your website builder provides, and make sure you can get the help you need 24/7.
Wix fulfills all these requirements, giving you the tools you need to create a website and confidently run and grow your business all from a single platform.

### Over 15,000 sites go live with Wix every day


--------------------