# yarn
**URL:** https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en
**Page Title:** Yarn
--------------------


## Fast, reliable, and secure dependency management.

[LINK: Get Started](/en/docs/getting-started)
[LINK: Install Yarn](/en/docs/install)
[LINK: v1.22.22](https://github.com/yarnpkg/yarn/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## Ultra Fast.

Yarn caches every package it downloads so it never needs to download it again. It also
parallelizes operations to maximize resource utilization so install times are
faster than ever.

## Mega Secure.

Yarn uses checksums to verify the integrity of every installed package
before its code is executed.

## Super Reliable.

Using a detailed, but concise, lockfile format, and a deterministic algorithm
for installs, Yarn is able to guarantee that an install that worked on one
system will work exactly the same way on any other system.
What are you waiting for?
[LINK: Get Started](/en/docs/getting-started)

## Offline Mode

If you've installed a package before, you can install it again without
any internet connection.

## Deterministic

The same dependencies will be installed the same exact way across every
machine regardless of install order.

## Network Performance

Yarn efficiently queues up requests and avoids request waterfalls in order
to maximize network utilization.

## Same Packages

Install any package from npm and keep your package workflow
the same.

## Network Resilience

A single request failing won't cause an install to fail. Requests are retried
upon failure.

## Flat Mode

Resolve mismatching versions of dependencies to a single version to avoid
creating duplicates.

--------------------