# **Zed**
**URL:** https://zed.com
**Page Title:** Newry
--------------------


## GLOBAL MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION AND MONETIZATION OF DIGITAL SERVICES

## GLOBAL MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION AND MONETIZATION OF DIGITAL SERVICES

## GLOBAL MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION AND MONETIZATION OF DIGITAL SERVICES

## GLOBAL MULTI-CHANNEL DISTRIBUTION AND MONETIZATION OF DIGITAL SERVICES

## Mission And Vision

Become a global digital player producing, aggregating and re-bundling with a global
                                strategy Smart Life DXs, Digital Media & Entertainment
To be a leader in the Digital Global Market UNIFYING the Digital Experience allowing INCLUSIVE access to the DIGITAL AGE in all societies towards a NEW &
                                    INCLUSIVE LIFE for everyone

## Iconic Digital Brand

Newry is positioning itself to be one of the most significant players of the upcoming global digital market through its knowledge and in-depth experience in Global Monetization, achieved by:
- Global Relevance : Worldwide Distribution and Omni-channel Management.
Global Relevance : Worldwide Distribution and Omni-channel Management.
- A Billing and Settlement framework.
A Billing and Settlement framework.
- A clear Growth and Monetization Strategy leveraged on a framework of financial discipline.
A clear Growth and Monetization Strategy leveraged on a framework of financial discipline.
- A Centralised Decision making.
A Centralised Decision making.
- An unrivalled Digital Assets Portfolio.
An unrivalled Digital Assets Portfolio.
- A Worldwide partnership recruitment and global approach strategy.
A Worldwide partnership recruitment and global approach strategy.
- The expansion of our Digital Footprint , with special focus on Emerging Markets such as Africa, Asia and Latam.
The expansion of our Digital Footprint , with special focus on Emerging Markets such as Africa, Asia and Latam.
- A proprietary Real-Time Analytics Platform.
A proprietary Real-Time Analytics Platform.

## Monetizing Apps and Digital Services

Newry has a Digital Assets Portfolio with more than 520 million downloads (during the past 24 months) and 5 million active subscribers.
Our digital offering includes third party partnerships as well as our own product portfolio, with more than +175 owned apps/IP and +350 Mobile services across the globe.
The company’s growth is steadily increasing with our KPI’s focusing on a consolidated stickiness ratio and user engagement.

## Multi-channel and multi-monetization platform

Newry's own platform is one of our most valuable assets. It’s at the heart of everyday business activity.
Billing & Settlement, connecting partner content with the delivery, the billing and monetization, acting as a Fintech solution.
providing extremely valuable info we can use as business intelligence.
Real time monitoring and control to optimize investment and performance.
More than 200 distributors and payment partners connected. Generating synergies with other companies to bring a seamless digital experiences to the end users.
with an easily launch able (plug & play), localization and management.
of Digital Experiences and content, rights, metadata, assets…
a market entry barrier through our data analytics in order to maximize monetization

## Marketing Virtuous Circle

Newry has built an in-house marketing agency that rests on three pillars:
- A highly skilled and committed human team .
A highly skilled and committed human team .
- A pool of tools and software that supports our user acquisition efforts at scale.
A pool of tools and software that supports our user acquisition efforts at scale.
- A tried and tested set of procedures and tools that push the improvement of engagement, loyalty and stickiness .
A tried and tested set of procedures and tools that push the improvement of engagement, loyalty and stickiness .
By focusing on the best performing assets and carefully curated creative strategy, we are able to make decisions in real-time and deliver the best results for our business.
We have two core KPIs: Monetization and control that allows us to optimize our marketing investment based on our Real Time analytics tool. With this live monitoring and control we can react quickly and make fast decisions about our marketing campaign’s performance.
Our main efforts rely on delivering on customer satisfaction, meeting their expectations in order to build a unique community for our diverse portfolio .
Newry is continuously expanding its digital and physical footprint , with dedicated resources in multiple countries, helping to strengthen our position in emerging markets such as Africa, Asia and LATAM.
Newry Global Media, S.L. está apoyado por la Garantía INNOVFIN PYME, la cual cuenta con el apoyo financiero de la Unión Europea en el contexto del programa de Instrumentos Financieros Horizonte 2020.

--------------------