# Zed
**URL:** https://zed.dev
**Page Title:** Zed — Love your editor again
--------------------


## Love your editor again

Zed is a minimal code editor crafted for speed and collaboration with humans and AI.
[LINK: Clone source C](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed)
Available for macOS, Linux, and Windows
Fast
Written from scratch in Rust to efficiently leverage multiple CPU cores and your GPU.
Intelligent
Integrate LLMs into your workflow to generate, transform, and analyze code.
Collaborative
Chat with teammates, write notes together, and share your screen and project. All included.
Fast
Written from scratch in Rust to efficiently leverage multiple CPU cores and your GPU.
Intelligent
Integrate LLMs into your workflow to generate, transform, and analyze code.
Collaborative
Chat with teammates, write notes together, and share your screen and project. All included.

## World-class developers use Zed

Trusted by industry-leading teams.
Ethan Perez
Adversarial Robustness Research Lead
José Valim
Creator of Elixir
Dan Abramov
Engineer and React Core team member
Matt Baker
Principal Engineer
Mike Bostock
Creator of D3.js, founder of Observable
Forever shipping

## Zed just works

Incredibly powerful out of the box. And it only gets better as, every week, there's always a new version.
Zed for Windows
It's here—fast, native, and ready for your team.
Debugger
Built on the Debug Adapter Protocol (DAP), native support for debugging across multiple programming languages.
Agentic Editing
Zed now natively supports agentic editing, enabling fluent collaboration between humans and AI.
Native Git Support
First-class support for staging, committing, pulling, pushing, viewing diffs, and more.
Edit Prediction
A tool that anticipates your next move. Powered by Zeta, our new open-source, open-data language model.
Zed for Windows
It's here—fast, native, and ready for your team.
Debugger
Built on the Debug Adapter Protocol (DAP), native support for debugging across multiple programming languages.
Agentic Editing
Zed now natively supports agentic editing, enabling fluent collaboration between humans and AI.
Native Git Support
First-class support for staging, committing, pulling, pushing, viewing diffs, and more.
Edit Prediction
A tool that anticipates your next move. Powered by Zeta, our new open-source, open-data language model.
Remote Development
Your machine only runs the Zed UI, while the actual codebase runs on a remote server.
Multibuffer editing
Multibuffers compose excerpts from across the codebase in one editable surface.
Vim-friendly
First-class modal editing via Vim bindings, including features like text objects and marks.
Stay in the loop for what's coming next.
Forks

## Open source

Zed is built by a global community of thousand of developers.
[LINK: Start contributing](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed)
Stars
Contributors
PRs merged last month

## Open source

Zed is built by a global community of thousand of developers.
[LINK: Start contributing](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed)
Forks
Stars
Contributors
PRs merged last month

## AI that works the way you code

Zed doesn't lock you into one model, it gives you the fastest way to collaborate with any agent.
[LINK: Learn about AI in Zed](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/overview)
[LINK: Agentic Editing Delegate work to the agent, follow their progress live and review changes with ease.](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/agent-panel)
Agentic Editing
Delegate work to the agent, follow their progress live and review changes with ease.
[LINK: Edit Prediction An open-source, open-data language model that predicts what you'll type next.](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/edit-prediction)
Edit Prediction
An open-source, open-data language model that predicts what you'll type next.
[LINK: Inline Assistant Easily transform your code in-line by sending selected code to a language model.](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/inline-assistant)
Inline Assistant
Easily transform your code in-line by sending selected code to a language model.
[LINK: Text Threads Engage with LLMs in a plain text interface. It's just an editor, like you already know it.](https://zed.dev/docs/ai/text-threads)
Text Threads
Engage with LLMs in a plain text interface. It's just an editor, like you already know it.

## Growing extensions ecosystem

Boost your Zed experience by choosing from hundreds of extensions that broaden language support, offer different themes, and more.
[LINK: Create an extension](https://zed.dev/docs/extensions/developing-extensions)
HTML
3.8M
HTML support.
Isaac Clayton
TOML
665k
TOML support.
Max Brunsfeld, Ammar Arif
Catppuccin
659k
🦀 Soothing pastel theme for Zed
Catppuccin
Git Firefly
522k
Provides Git Syntax Highlighting
d1y, Peter Tripp
Java
496k
Java support.
Java Extension Contributors
Dockerfile
469k
Dockerfile support.
d1y, joshmeads
PHP
412k
PHP support.
Piotr Osiewicz
SQL
381k
SQL language support.
nervenes, notpeter, phileix, tammyxiong
Ruby
322k
Ruby support.
Vitaly Slobodin
Vue
321k
Vue support.
Zed Industries
macOS Classic Theme
305k
A macOS native style theme, let it same like native app in macOS.
Jason Lee
Catppuccin Icons
297k
🦊 Soothing pastel icons for Zed
Catppuccin
Make
264k
Makefile syntax highlighting
Caius Durling, d1y, Marshall Bowers, Luke Naylor, Igor Támara, Michael Alexander, Donnie Adams
Material Icon Theme
241k
Material Design icons.
Zed Industries
Tokyo Night Themes
239k
Tokyo Night Themes
ssaunderss
SCSS
215k
SCSS support
Raunak Raj
Svelte
199k
Svelte support
Zed Industries
XML
190k
XML syntax support.
sweetppro
Lua
189k
Lua support.
Max Brunsfeld
Terraform
183k
Terraform support.
Caius Durling, Daniel Banck
And many more we couldn't fit here.
All the little details

## Built with ultimate care

Every single feature in Zed has been designed to advance the state of the art. Anything less isn’t worth building.
All the little details

## Built with ultimate care

Every single feature in Zed has been designed to advance the state of the art. Anything less isn’t worth building.
Language Server Protocol support
Fully integrate your language of choice.
Outline view
Navigate through a file's symbols.
Text and line manipulation
Code efficiently with advanced text editing capacities.
And a lot more...
Remote Development
Offset computing to the server.
Diagnostics Multibuffer
Project-wide errors and warnings.
Custom snippets
Speed up repetitive flows.
CLI
Use Zed from the command line.
Markdown preview
Visualize how your docs look like.
Rename refactoring
Project-wide symbols renaming.
Syntax-aware selections
Efficiently select syntax nodes.
Inlay Hints
Peek through your code.
A letter

## From the team

Programming and the tools we use to do so are changing. As the culmination of 15 years of work developing industry-leading tools for developers like Atom, Electron, and Tree-sitter, Zed strives to be at the forefront of this transformation.
We're confident that the future of software development lies in fluent collaboration between humans and AI. Crafted from the ground up, Zed is here to make this vision a reality.
Zed Industries

## The latest from Zed

Check out recent announcements, the Zed Decoded series, and other in-depth posts about Zed behind the curtains.

## On Programming with Agents

Agents handle typing so we can focus on thinking.
Mikayla Maki
January 23rd, 2026

## Quality Week - December 2025

A look at what the Zed team and community accomplished during our December 2025 Quality Week, focusing on stability, performance, and polish.
January 9th, 2026

## Run Your Project in a Dev Container, in Zed

Open projects in Docker-based Dev Containers in Zed for consistent, reproducible development environments.
January 7th, 2026

## Zed Moves Toward Secure-by-Default: Introducing Worktree Trust

We're introducing a new worktree trust mechanism while maintaining options for a low-friction experience you expect from Zed.
December 17th, 2025

## How We Rebuilt Settings in Zed

Behind-the-scenes peek at all the required work to expose a myriad of Zed's settings in a UI.
December 12th, 2025

## Daily drive with Zed

Code at the speed of thought.
[LINK: Clone source C](https://github.com/zed-industries/zed)

--------------------