# Zyft
**URL:** https://zyft.com
**Page Title:** Zyft | Compare Prices in Australia
--------------------


## Compare Prices Instantly

Compare prices in real-time with our browser extension, or use the Zyft app to search and scan barcodes for instant price checks, set price drop alerts, and browse deals. Whichever way you shop, Zyft helps you save. Install Zyft today via the App Store, Chrome Web Store, and the Google Play Store!

## 138m+

## 54k+

## Unlock the power of Zyft

## Compare Prices

Instantly compare prices across multiple retailers to find great prices

## Price Drop Alerts

Get alerted when prices drop on your favourite products

## AI Powered

Zyft's AI helps find more retailers and better prices for your product

## Scan-to-Compare

Use Zyft’s barcode scanner to instantly compare prices on the go

## Search-to-Compare

Search for any product and compare prices instantly

## Share-to-Compare

Share a product URL with the Zyft App to compare prices instantly

## See Zyft in Action

Discover the power of Zyft's instant price comparison. Watch how Zyft transforms the way people shop and save. Be inspired to shop smarter today.
Advertising

## As Seen On

## Zyft barcode app hopes to help Aussie customers get a leg-up in cost of living crisis

It’s never been more expensive to go shopping in Australia and with Christmas just around the corner, customers need all the help they can get. A new app hopes to give them the answers.

## The game-changing shopping hack that saved a mum $280 on essential purchase

It wasn't until Powell tried an app called Zyft that the price comparison process became so easy she found the most affordable option in seconds, saving hundreds on an essential purchase.

## How the Zyft Browser Extension Works

## Install Zyft

Install the Zyft extension on your browser

## Shop online as usual

Shop online on your favourite sites

## Zyft shops with you

Zyft automatically shows you price comparisons when you shop online

## AI Powered Results

## Real Savings, Real Stories

Zyft helped me save over $300 on my new TV. I'll never shop without Zyft again!
Cheryl Gisborne, VIC
Using Zyft, I found a cheaper price and saved $179 on a new Dyson Vacuum cleaner. Go Zyft!
Qing McKinnon, VIC
Comparing prices for my favourite bottle of white wine and Zyft popped up saving me $40 a case - including delivery!
William St. Kilda, VIC
Saved $40 on a phone the first time I used Zyft. I've used it multiple times since, and I'm now at least $150 better off thanks to you guys! 👍
Scotty Australia
After downloading the plug in I saved $500 on buying a Breville Touch Impress Coffee machine with one click! Highly recommend and will be using for future purchases. Highly recommend!
KyKy1975 Australia
I have saved a heap with this tool! It finds deals that I couldn't even find later when searching on a company's website - great for white goods and electronics especially!
Rick Australia

## Scan. Compare. Save.

Unveil the power of instant price comparison with Zyft’s revolutionary barcode scanner. When you're in-store or on the move, the barcode scanner helps you compare prices instantly. Just scan the product barcode and let Zyft do the rest!
Zyft Tip: Use scanned results to request a price match in-store.
The barcode scanner is a new feature that is currently in beta. Not all retailers price match.

## Try the Zyft Extension Now

Select a product below and watch Zyft instantly compare prices.

## DJI Mini 3 (DJI RC) - Lightweight and Foldable Min...

## LEGO® Technic Ferrari Daytona SP3 42143 Building K...

## Breville the Barista Touch Coffee Machine  Black Truffle

## Blaupunkt BP32GM240 32" FHD 240Hz Curved Gaming Monitor

## iRobot Roomba Combo J7+ Robot Vacuum & Mop

## Samsung 495L French Door Refrigerator

## BrevilleThe Juice Fountain Cold Plus Juicer in Sta...

## RB2140F Original Wayfarer Classic

## Sony INZONE H9 Wireless Noise Cancelling Gaming He...

## Instant Pot 9-in-1 Duo Plus 3L Electric Pressure C...

## Xbox Series X Console

## Breville The Brunch Set Toaster & Kettle In Sage

## Download the Zyft App

Zyft compares prices from over 50,000 Australian retailers, but does not guarantee to compare all prices and retailers. We do not guarantee that the retailers shown on Zyft will offer the cheapest prices. Zyft's results do not take into account shipping, delivery or other fees and do not reflect member or VIP discounts and pricing. While Zyft endeavours to provide real time pricing and stock status, Zyft does not guarantee that lowest pricing will be displayed at any given time, or stock availability is accurate. Our AI is constantly learning and relies on third-party retailer data. Some links provided in the Zyft results might be affiliate links. Refer to our Terms & Conditions for more information.

--------------------