# Zyte
**URL:** https://www.zyte.com
**Page Title:** Full-Stack Web Scraping API & Data Extraction Services | Zyte
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Freshworks 2 Learn more about this provider debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage localforage#local-forage-detect-blob-support Detects whether the visitor’s browser allows for blob-format-storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB Github 2 Learn more about this provider _gh_sess Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie logged_in Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie docs/common/netcheck.gif Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie api.euc1.descope.com calendly.com challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com info.zyte.com openai.com vimeo.com 8 _cfuvid [x8] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie calendly.com d36m24nde77kdn.cloudfront.net freshchat.com js.hs-scripts.com info.zyte.com openai.com support.zyte.com t.co vimeo.com 12 __cf_bm [x12] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie cdn.jsdelivr.net js.hs-analytics.net 2 cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie consent.cookiebot.eu docs.zyte.com support.zyte.com www.scrapy.org 7 CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie info.zyte.com zyte.com 2 data_catalog_allowed [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Freshworks 2 Learn more about this provider debug This cookie is used to detect errors on the website - this information is sent to the website's support staff in order to optimize the visitor's experience on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage localforage#local-forage-detect-blob-support Detects whether the visitor’s browser allows for blob-format-storage. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Github 2 Learn more about this provider _gh_sess Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie logged_in Registers whether the user is logged in. This allows the website owner to make parts of the website inaccessible, based on the user's log-in status. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)
- Google 4 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie docs/common/netcheck.gif Necessary for the general functionality of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Soundcloud 1 Learn more about this provider datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- api.euc1.descope.com calendly.com challenges.cloudflare.com hsforms.com info.zyte.com openai.com vimeo.com 8 _cfuvid [x8] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- calendly.com d36m24nde77kdn.cloudfront.net freshchat.com js.hs-scripts.com info.zyte.com openai.com support.zyte.com t.co vimeo.com 12 __cf_bm [x12] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.cookielaw.org 1 OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- cdn.jsdelivr.net js.hs-analytics.net 2 cookietest [x2] This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- consent.cookiebot.eu docs.zyte.com support.zyte.com www.scrapy.org 7 CookieConsent [x7] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- info.zyte.com zyte.com 2 data_catalog_allowed [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Freshworks 1 Learn more about this provider localforage#keyvaluepairs Used to maintain filter settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie s3.amazonaws.com scrapinghub.attachments4.freshdesk.com support.zyte.com 6 _helpkit_session [x3] Used to implement and maintain form settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _x_w [x3] Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Freshworks 1 Learn more about this provider localforage#keyvaluepairs Used to maintain filter settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- s3.amazonaws.com scrapinghub.attachments4.freshdesk.com support.zyte.com 6 _helpkit_session [x3] Used to implement and maintain form settings on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _x_w [x3] Allows the website to recoqnise the visitor, in order to optimize the chat-box functionality. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Github 1 Learn more about this provider _octo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie HubSpot 8 Learn more about this provider __hssc [x2] Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc [x2] Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc [x2] Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk [x2] Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Microsoft 8 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x5] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck [x2] Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie VWO 1 Learn more about this provider vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage cdn.cr-relay.com 4 cookiecookie [x4] This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.zyte.com 1 utm_content This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage zyte.com 1 _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Amazon 1 Learn more about this provider v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Github 1 Learn more about this provider _octo Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
[LINK: Learn more about this provider](https://docs.github.com/en/github/site-policy/github-privacy-statement)
- Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x3] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gat [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 8 Learn more about this provider __hssc [x2] Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __hssrc [x2] Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __hstc [x2] Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie hubspotutk [x2] Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Microsoft 8 Learn more about this provider _clsk [x5] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _clck [x2] Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- VWO 1 Learn more about this provider vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- cdn.cr-relay.com 4 cookiecookie [x4] This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.zyte.com 1 utm_content This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- zyte.com 1 _vwo_uuid_v2 This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp [x2] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 13 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. GFE_RTT Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie punchv-e-f Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-n Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-v Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IDE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au [x3] Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gid [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Quora 1 Learn more about this provider _/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Soundcloud 2 Learn more about this provider dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ddSession_datadome Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Twitter Inc. 7 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 36 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage b.6sc.co 1 v1/beacon/img.gif Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker cdn.cr-relay.com 6 signals-sdk-session-id [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie signals-sdk-user-id [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie info.zyte.com js.hs-scripts.com www.zyte.com 3 hs-cta-interactions#cta [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB j.6sc.co 1 _6senseCompanyDetails Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.zyte.com 17 gclid Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_activity Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_campaign Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_goal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_medium Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_primary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_secondary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gclid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_activity Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_campaign Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_goal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_primary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_secondary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp [x2] Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 13 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. GFE_RTT Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie punchv-e-f Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-n Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage punchv-e-v Used to implement the content through Google Docs. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage IDE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au [x3] Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gid [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- HubSpot 1 Learn more about this provider __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Microsoft 7 Learn more about this provider _uetsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetsid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _uetvid_exp Contains the expiry-date for the cookie with corresponding name. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage MUID Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _uetsid Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _uetvid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Quora 1 Learn more about this provider _/ad/75aa344edeef4dbfa3b3dd7cb5f40e6f/pixel Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Soundcloud 2 Learn more about this provider dd_testcookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ddSession_datadome Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Twitter Inc. 7 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 36 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- b.6sc.co 1 v1/beacon/img.gif Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- cdn.cr-relay.com 6 signals-sdk-session-id [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie signals-sdk-user-id [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- info.zyte.com js.hs-scripts.com www.zyte.com 3 hs-cta-interactions#cta [x3] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- j.6sc.co 1 _6senseCompanyDetails Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.zyte.com 17 gclid Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_activity Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_campaign Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_goal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_medium Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_primary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_secondary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage gclid Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_activity Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_campaign Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_content Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_goal Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_medium Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_primary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_secondary Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie utm_source Determines how the user accessed the website. This information is used by the website operator in order to measure the efficiency of their marketing. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider DS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dls_ab_testing_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Atlassian 1 Learn more about this provider crwrkd1tmy0k.statuspage.io_dismissed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Freshworks 1 Learn more about this provider hop-7b3ce58d-1eb9-4a67-8725-9a82e1160fd6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage assetscdn-wchat.freshchat.com docs.zyte.com 2 #-#-#-#-# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage snippet.zyte.com 4 mbsy/7e55ce93-cbda-4ca5-b6c0-b76a7b25bbfd/client_uuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mbsy/7e55ce93-cbda-4ca5-b6c0-b76a7b25bbfd/mbsy_editor Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mbsy/7e55ce93-cbda-4ca5-b6c0-b76a7b25bbfd/mbsy_user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mbsy/info Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage support.zyte.com 1 seenArticlesArray Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage zyte-bot-widget.vercel.app 1 chatkit_thread_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Amazon 2 Learn more about this provider DS Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dls_ab_testing_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Atlassian 1 Learn more about this provider crwrkd1tmy0k.statuspage.io_dismissed Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Freshworks 1 Learn more about this provider hop-7b3ce58d-1eb9-4a67-8725-9a82e1160fd6 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- assetscdn-wchat.freshchat.com docs.zyte.com 2 #-#-#-#-# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- snippet.zyte.com 4 mbsy/7e55ce93-cbda-4ca5-b6c0-b76a7b25bbfd/client_uuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mbsy/7e55ce93-cbda-4ca5-b6c0-b76a7b25bbfd/mbsy_editor Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mbsy/7e55ce93-cbda-4ca5-b6c0-b76a7b25bbfd/mbsy_user Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mbsy/info Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- support.zyte.com 1 seenArticlesArray Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- zyte-bot-widget.vercel.app 1 chatkit_thread_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
[LINK: docs.zyte.com](https://docs.zyte.com)
📊 The 2026 Web Scraping Industry Report is here: Key trends shaping data access, AI extraction, and scale.
[LINK: Download the free report](https://www.zyte.com/whitepaper-ebook/2026-web-scraping-industry-report)
capterra
[LINK: proxyway](https://proxyway.com/best/best-web-scraping-apis)
proxyway

## Access the web's data. Clean, ready, and at scale.

Unblock, render, and extract any website’s data with the all-in-one Web Scraping API.
[LINK: Try free](https://app.zyte.com/account/signup/zyteapi?ws_medium=direct&ws_external_source=&ws_internal_source=/)
[LINK: Find out more](/zyte-web-scraping-api/)

## Let us build and manage your web data feeds.

Zyte’s Managed Data service combines 15 years of web data expertise with AI automation to get your feeds live faster, without setup fees or compliance risks.
AI Built for web scraping
We use our patented AI and automation to keep costs low, without sacrificing quality and accuracy
Built-in legal compliance
We are the undisputed legal compliance leaders in web data extraction. Don’t do web scraping without legal peace of mind.
Accelerate your data projects
Zyte’s patented AI, with human oversight, lets businesses add websites to data feeds in hours—cutting costs and speeding up time-to-value.

## Trusted by data driven organizations

## Zyte for your business

Collect quality, accurate product and pricing data from the biggest e-commerce websites and product marketplaces in the world.
Accurate articles and news data from global publishers and the largest news websites in the world.
From monitoring flight schedules to ticket prices, flight data can present opportunities you never thought about!
AI and machine learning applications often need large amounts of quality data, and web data extraction is a fast, efficient way to build structured data sets.
Get business location data from hard-to-scrape websites and directories to drive lead generation and market research.
Social Media is a global phenomenon and part of everyday life for billions of people, so many people are interested in accessing that data at scale. From sentiment analysis to brand monitoring, social media data can help you access a treasure trove of insights.
Scraping search engines to see which websites rank in which positions in search engines for any given keyphrase by automating the process of performing a search and parsing the results to extract positions.
Collect quality, accurate real estate data and property listings data at scale, to power your business, processes, and applications.
Job listings data at scale to power any process or application. Get a 360 view of the jobs boards and recruitment websites you care about.
[LINK: Try free](https://app.zyte.com/account/signup/zyteapi)

## Humble brag? Maybe. But thousands of happy customers can't be wrong.

### It Just Works

Zyte was able to offer the most simple and effective rotating proxy solution for us. It just works.

### Always there

Collaboration with Zyte has been easy and support was always there throughout our journey.

### 5 Lines of Code

It was literally 5 lines of code to get started with Smart Proxy Manager and see crawling success.

### For Successful Business

Without Zyte Smart Proxy Manager our business is not successful.

## Join the world's biggest web scraping community

### Join our developer community on Discord

A vibrant Discord community of over 20,000 web scraping enthusiasts, dedicated to sharing insights, learning new technologies, and advancing their web scraping skills.

### Revisit the standout sessions from Extract Summit 2025

Catch up on top sessions, expert insights, and key takeaways from 2025. Watch on-demand and explore the highlights at your convenience.

### Start earning recurring commissions today

Join Zyte's affiliate network and earn 50% commission on every client referral. With no setup costs and monthly payouts, you can start monetizing your audience immediately.

## Some people say we're kind of obsessed.

### And they're right. We spend all day thinking about data extraction.

[LINK: Gemini 3.0 Pro is the new best model for writing scrapers](/blog/gemini-3-pro-web-scraping-benchmarks/)
[LINK: Why AI agents struggle with web scraping (and how to help them)](/blog/why-ai-agents-struggle-with-web-scraping/)
[LINK: Partial autonomy, full control: Why we built Web Scraping Copilot](/blog/why-we-built-web-scraping-copilot/)
[LINK: How an analytics platform solved a ‘hard-to-scrape’ site using Zyte API](/blog/hard-to-scrape-site-using-zyte-api/)
[LINK: Unblockers vs. Zyte API – what’s the real cost of bans?](/blog/unblockers-vs-zyte-api/)
[LINK: New in Zyte: Web Scraping Copilot, LLM-friendly text, MCP scraping](/blog/web-scraping-copilot-newsletter/)

--------------------