# 世界各地的摄像头直播
**URL:** https://www.webcamtaxi.com/en
**Page Title:** Live HD Streaming Webcams from around the globe
--------------------


## Welcome to Webcamtaxi

### Newly added webcams

Usa / Hawaii Sea , Beach , Island , Hotels & Resorts
Usa / Illinois Lake , Traffic , City
Usa / New York Traffic
Chile / Coquimbo
Brazil / Santa Catarina City , Traffic
Germany / Bremen River , Sports , Landscape
England / East Riding of Yorkshire Beach , United Kingdom , Boats , Sea , Landscape
Usa / Florida Boats , Marina
Usa / Missouri Airport
Usa / Florida Miami , Trains

### Would you like to travel the world? Webcamtaxi takes you there!

Webcamtaxi is a platform for live streaming HD webcams from around the globe that will give you the opportunity to travel live online and discover new and distant places. If you are passionate about travelling, we are the right choice for you.
By choosing a specific location or interest, or clicking on our Interactive Webcam Map , you can go from Italy to Japan , from England to the USA , from Canada to France or Portugal . Modern or historical cities, sunny places or snow-covered ski resorts, and even outer space are just a click away!
From live beach cameras to street cams , we bring you real-time views of people, traffic , monuments , Live Breaking News , including Florida webcams capturing the most intense tropical storms , hurricanes, and much more! Whether you enjoy nature or cityscapes, you'll be amazed by the stunning scenes we have to offer.
Either in Asia or Europe, all world cams are free to view and show you the local time* and a map of the area where the camera is located. And if you are actually planning to travel, that's even better! You can use Webcamtaxi as your own personal worldwide destination guide. Thanks to the weather cams , we'll give you the live weather and temperature, a forecast for the next few days and the annual climate for that specific destination.
We add new webcams to our world listing on a daily basis. So keep checking our website to see the latest cams . As part of our extensive new feature set, live rolling multi-camera streams of your favourite places, beaches , wildlife , airports spotting, and bird feeder cams are now available in a single continuous webcam stream, check it out.

### Live Breaking News Cams

### Most Viewed Cams

Usa / Tennessee
Usa / New York
Usa / New York
Usa / Pennsylvania
Usa / New York
Usa / New York
England / London
Thailand / Surat Thani

### City Cams

Usa / Hawaii
Usa / Pennsylvania
Germany / Berlin
Bulgaria / Stara Zagora Province
Norway / Sør-Varanger
Japan / Tokyo
Thailand / Chonburi
Usa / Massachusetts
See all our Webcams
* Please note that, in some cases, the correct local time displayed in the upper right corner, just above the live stream, may not coincide with the time embedded in the live webcam itself, as the latter may not be updated for winter/summer time.
Usa / Indiana
Usa / Maryland
Poland / Lower Silesian
Taiwan / Taitung County
- About Us
- Contacts
- Terms
- Privacy Policy
- Sitemap
- Airport Transfers
- Advertise
- Submit Cam
- Get Your Cam
© 2026 Webcamtaxi

--------------------