# 地球另一端的位置
**URL:** https://www.antipodesmap.com
**Page Title:** Antipodes Map - Tunnel to the other side of the world
--------------------

Your Location
Antipodes Location

## Antipodes Map

This map helps you find the antipodes (the other side of the world) of any place on Earth.
The Left Map presents the place for which you want to find the antipodal point. The Right Map shows the antipodal point for the selected location on the left map. Type in the search box the country, city, address, zip code or geographical coordinates , press the Find button and our "man" will dig a tunnel from selected location on the Left Map, right through the center of the Earth, up to the other side of the world which will be represented on Right Map.
Both maps can be moved and zoomed in and out. Below each map you can view the selected location address and geographical coordinates (latitude and longitude).

## About

The latitude of a point on the Earth's surface is the angle between the equatorial plane and the straight line that passes through that point and through the center of the Earth. Lines joining points of the same latitude are called parallels. The 0° parallel of latitude is designated the equator, the fundamental plane of all geographic coordinate systems, which divides the globe into Northern and Southern Hemispheres. The north pole is 90°N; the south pole is 90°S.
The longitude of a point on the Earth's surface is the angle east or west from a reference meridian to another meridian that passes through that point. All meridians are halves of great ellipses, which converge at the north and south poles. The meridian of the British Royal Observatory in Greenwich ( London , England ) is the international Prime Meridian, which determines the proper Eastern and Western Hemispheres. The antipodal meridian of Greenwich is both 180°W and 180°E.
The combination of these two components specifies the position of any location on the surface of the Earth. The origin/zero point of this system is located in the Gulf of Guinea about 625 km (390 mi) south of Tema , Ghana .
The antipodes of any place on the Earth is the point on the Earth's surface which is diametrically opposite to it. Two points that are antipodal to each other are connected by a straight line running through the centre of the Earth. An antipodal point it is often called an antipode ( Wikipedia ).
The Most of Europeans and Americans believe that if you dig a hole, in a straight line through the center of the Earth, you would come out on the other side right in China . But this is just a saying, because, in reality, if you dig a straight tunnel, in most areas, of Europe or United States you will come out in the ocean. The only places where a straight hole will emerge in China ar parts in Argentina and Chile .
Mathematically, the geographical coordinates of an antipodal point can be calculate as:
- the latitude of the place you want to find the antipodes must be converted to the opposite hemisphere (eg: 45° North will be 45° South or -45°);
- the longitude of the place you want to find the antipodes must be subtracted from 180° and the result will be converted to opposite hemisphere (eg: 25° West will be 180° - 25° = 155° East or -155°).

## Did you know?

In the Northern Hemisphere, "the Antipodes" is often used to refer to Australia and New Zealand , and "Antipodeans" to their inhabitants.
The two largest human inhabited antipodal areas are located in East Asia ( China , Mongolia ) and South America ( Argentina and Chile ).
The largest antipodal land masses are the Malay Archipelago ( Indonesia , Philippines , New Guinea ), antipodal to the Amazon Basin and adjoining Andean ranges.
The Australian mainland is the largest landmass with its antipodes entirely in ocean.
The majority of locations on land do not have land-based antipodes.
By definition, the North Pole and the South Pole are antipodes.
There are no non-stop scheduled flights between any two antipodal locations by commercial airline service. A hypothetically perfect antipode flight would be Tangier Ibn Battouta Airport, Morocco to Whangarei Aerodrome, New Zealand (approximately 20000 km flight).
Since 11 October 2018, the longest non-stop scheduled airline flight by great circle distance is between Singapore and Newark, New Jersey at 15,344 km.

## Antipodes Cities

Exact or almost exact antipodes cities:
- Christchurch ( New Zealand ) — A Coruna ( Spain )
- Madrid ( Spain ) — Weber ( New Zealand )
- Wellington ( New Zealand ) — Alaejos ( Spain )
- Hong Kong ( China ) — La Quiaca ( Argentina )
- Nelson ( New Zealand ) — Mogadouro ( Portugal )
- Whangarei ( New Zealand ) — Tangier ( Morocco )
- Tauranga ( New Zealand ) — Jaen ( Spain )
- Hamilton ( New Zealand ) — Cordoba ( Spain )
- Junin ( Argentina ) — Lianyungang ( China )
- Ulan Ude ( Russia ) — Puerto Natales ( Chile )
- Masterton ( New Zealand ) — Segovia ( Spain )
- Palembang ( Indonesia ) — Neiva ( Colombia )
- Wuhai ( China ) — Valdivia ( Chile )
- Padang ( Indonesia ) — Esmeraldas ( Ecuador )
- Rafaela ( Argentina ) — Wuhu ( China )
- Galvez ( Argentina ) — Nanjing ( China )
Major cities or capitals close to being antipodes:
- Auckland ( New Zealand ) — Seville and Malaga ( Spain )
- Xi'an ( China ) — Santiago ( Chile )
- Shanghai ( China ) — Buenos Aires ( Argentina )
- Beijing ( China ) — Bahia Blanca ( Argentina )
- Taipei ( Taiwan ) — Asuncion ( Paraguay )
- Bangkok ( Thailand ) and Phnom Penh ( Cambodia ) — Lima ( Peru )
- Montevideo ( Uruguay ) — Seoul ( South Korea )
- Bogota ( Colombia ) — Jakarta ( Indonesia )
- Suva ( Fiji ) — Timbuktu ( Mali )
- Melbourne and Canberra ( Australia ) — Azores ( Portugal )
- Manila ( Philippines ) — Cuiaba ( Brazil )
- Kuala Lumpur ( Malaysia ) — Cuenca ( Ecuador )
- Singapore — Quito ( Ecuador )
- Doha ( Qatar ) — Pitcairn Island ( United Kingdom - Overseas Territory )
- Antipodes Island ( New Zealand ) — Gatteville-le-Phare ( France )

## Coordinates Converter

Decimal degrees (DD) express latitude and longitude geographic coordinates as decimal fractions and are an alternative to using degrees, minutes, and seconds (DMS). For latitude the values are bounded by ±90° respectively by ±180° for longitude.
Positive latitudes are north of the equator, negative latitudes are south of the equator. Positive longitudes are east of Prime Meridian, negative longitudes are west of the Prime Meridian. Latitude and longitude are usually expressed in that sequence, latitude before longitude. ( Wikipedia )
Our coordinates converter is an easy to use tool which helps with the conversion from a decimal degrees format (DD) to a degrees minutes seconds format (DMS) and back. Modify the text in the input fields, then click outside the field to convert the coordinates.

## Relevant Links

- Learn more about antipodes on Wikipedia
- What would happen if I drilled a tunnel through the centre of the Earth and jumped into it?
- The other side of the world
- Geographic coordinate system

## Why Antipodes Map?

At least once in a lifetime you've asked what is under your feet, on the other side of the world.
You can learn a little bit of geography in a funny and simple way.
It is free without any kind of annoying ads.
If you like our project and you want to help us with maintenance and further development please consider making a donation. Thank you!
Donate using your PayPal Account or Credit/Debit Card:
Donate using the following Bitcoin address: bc1qj3kmqvdja0qdg2zce50kkpgxc7kam9yd05n6nc

## Antipodes Map Usage Policy

Antipodes Map is based on OpenStreetMap and have a standard free usage limits until exceeding ~50,000 map loads per 24 hours.
After exceeding the free usage limits, our Antipodes Map service may not be available.
Due to usage limits, we have a heavy uses policy (an absolute maximum of 1 request per second).

## "Antipodes Map - Tunnel to the other side of the world"

A “cookie” is a tiny data file that we transfer onto your computer, mobile phone, or any other device that you use to access the Antipodes Maps, and is generally used tracking. Every cookie expires after a certain period of time, but that period varies depending on what the cookie is used for and how your browser is configured. Cookies are often categorized based on how long they remain active before they expire. A “session” cookie is one that generally expires when you close your web browser or mobile application. A “persistent” cookie is one that remains in your device, even after you close your browser or mobile application. A persistent cookie expires according to the duration set by us, or when you delete it manually. You can learn more about cookies on Wikipedia.
You may remove or disable cookies through your browser settings. For more information on how to manage your cookie options, please see the following link http://www.allaboutcookies.org .
We use follwing types of cookies:
- _cc -  Expires in 1 month - Functional - Used to record whether you have been presented with the notice related to our Cookie policy
- login_email - Expires in 2 years - Donation System - Distinguish users for donation system - PayPal.com
- _ga - Expires in 2 years - Performance and Analysis - Distinguish unique users - Google Analytics
- _gid - Expires in 24 hours - Performance and Analysis - Distinguish unique users - Google Analytics
- _gat - Expires in 1 minute - Performance and Analysis - Throttle the request rate - Google Analytics
[LINK: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage)

--------------------