# C3 AI
**URL:** https://c3.ai
**Page Title:** Leading Enterprise AI Software Provider​ | C3 AI
--------------------

Read More
Necessary cookies are required to enable the basic features of this site, such as providing secure log-in or adjusting your consent preferences. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.
- Cookie tvid
- Duration 1 year
- Description No description available.
- Cookie tv_UIDM
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie c3auth
- Duration session
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie c3csrf
- Duration session
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie _zitok
- Duration 1 year
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie gtm_interaction
- Duration 1 day
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie __Host-next-auth.csrf-token
- Duration session
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie __Secure-next-auth.callback-url
- Duration session
- Description Description is currently not available.
- Cookie __cf_bm
- Duration 1 hour
- Description This cookie, set by Cloudflare, is used to support Cloudflare Bot Management.
- Cookie li_gc
- Duration 6 months
- Description Linkedin set this cookie for storing visitor's consent regarding using cookies for non-essential purposes.
- Cookie cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary
- Duration 1 year
- Description Set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin, this cookie records the user consent for the cookies in the "Necessary" category.
- Cookie _cfuvid
- Duration session
- Description Cloudflare sets this cookie to track users across sessions to optimize user experience by maintaining session consistency and providing personalized services
- Cookie BIGipServer*
- Duration session
- Description Marketo sets this cookie to collect information about the user's online activity and build a profile about their interests to provide advertisements relevant to the user.
- Cookie CLID
- Duration 1 year
- Description Microsoft Clarity set this cookie to store information about how visitors interact with the website. The cookie helps to provide an analysis report. The data collection includes the number of visitors, where they visit the website, and the pages visited.
- Cookie _ga_*
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to store and count page views.
- Cookie _ga
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Google Analytics sets this cookie to calculate visitor, session and campaign data and track site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookie stores information anonymously and assigns a randomly generated number to recognise unique visitors.
- Cookie _clck
- Duration 1 year
- Description Microsoft Clarity sets this cookie to retain the browser's Clarity User ID and settings exclusive to that website. This guarantees that actions taken during subsequent visits to the same website will be linked to the same user ID.
- Cookie _clsk
- Duration 1 day
- Description Microsoft Clarity sets this cookie to store and consolidate a user's pageviews into a single session recording.
- Cookie trackalyzer
- Duration 1 year
- Description Leadlander sets this cookie to analyse the website visitors and monitor traffic patterns.
- Cookie SM
- Duration session
- Description Microsoft Clarity cookie set this cookie for synchronizing the MUID across Microsoft domains.
- Cookie MR
- Duration 7 days
- Description This cookie, set by Bing, is used to collect user information for analytics purposes.
Functional cookies help perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collecting feedback, and other third-party features.
- Cookie lidc
- Duration 1 day
- Description LinkedIn sets the lidc cookie to facilitate data center selection.
Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics such as the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
No cookies to display.
Performance cookies are used to understand and analyse the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
- Cookie SRM_B
- Duration 1 year 24 days
- Description Used by Microsoft Advertising as a unique ID for visitors.
Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with customised advertisements based on the pages you visited previously and to analyse the effectiveness of the ad campaigns.
- Cookie _gcl_au
- Duration 3 months
- Description Google Tag Manager sets this cookie to experiment advertisement efficiency of websites using their services.
- Cookie tuuid
- Duration 1 year 1 month
- Description The tuuid cookie, set by BidSwitch, stores an unique ID to determine what adverts the users have seen if they have visited any of the advertiser's websites. The information is used to decide when and how often users will see a certain banner.
- Cookie tuuid_lu
- Duration 1 year 1 month
- Description This cookie, set by BidSwitch, stores a unique ID to determine what adverts the users have seen while visiting an advertiser's website. This information is then used to understand when and how often users will see a certain banner.
- Cookie muc_ads
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Twitter sets this cookie to collect user behaviour and interaction data to optimize the website.
- Cookie guest_id_marketing
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Twitter sets this cookie to identify and track the website visitor.
- Cookie guest_id_ads
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Twitter sets this cookie to identify and track the website visitor.
- Cookie personalization_id
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Twitter sets this cookie to integrate and share features for social media and also store information about how the user uses the website, for tracking and targeting.
- Cookie guest_id
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description Twitter sets this cookie to identify and track the website visitor. It registers if a user is signed in to the Twitter platform and collects information about ad preferences.
- Cookie bcookie
- Duration 1 year
- Description LinkedIn sets this cookie from LinkedIn share buttons and ad tags to recognize browser IDs.
- Cookie CMID
- Duration 1 year
- Description Casale Media sets this cookie to collect information on user behaviour for targeted advertising.
- Cookie CMPS
- Duration 3 months
- Description CasaleMedia sets CMPS cookie for anonymous user tracking based on users' website visits to display targeted ads.
- Cookie CMPRO
- Duration 3 months
- Description CasaleMedia sets CMPRO cookie for anonymous usage tracking and targeted advertising.
- Cookie _mkto_trk
- Duration 1 year 1 month 4 days
- Description This cookie, provided by Marketo, has information (such as a unique user ID) that is used to track the user's site usage. The cookies set by Marketo are readable only by Marketo.
- Cookie receive-cookie-deprecation
- Duration 6 months
- Description Google sets this cookie to enable Privacy Sandbox testing and preview how site behaviour and functionality work without third-party cookies.
- Cookie IDE
- Duration 1 year 24 days
- Description Google DoubleClick IDE cookies store information about how the user uses the website to present them with relevant ads according to the user profile.
- Cookie MUID
- Duration 1 year 24 days
- Description Bing sets this cookie to recognise unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. This cookie is used for advertising, site analytics, and other operations.
- Cookie ANONCHK
- Duration 10 minutes
- Description The ANONCHK cookie, set by Bing, is used to store a user's session ID and verify ads' clicks on the Bing search engine. The cookie helps in reporting and personalization as well.
- Cookie test_cookie
- Duration past
- Description doubleclick.net sets this cookie to determine if the user's browser supports cookies.
Other uncategorised cookies are those that are being analysed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
No cookies to display.
- AI Software Back C3 AI Applications Back C3 AI Applications Overview C3 AI Anti-Money Laundering C3 AI Cash Management C3 AI Contested Logistics C3 AI CRM C3 AI Decision Advantage C3 AI Demand Forecasting C3 AI Energy Management C3 AI ESG C3 AI Health C3 AI Intelligence Analysis C3 AI Inventory Optimization C3 AI Process Optimization C3 AI Production Schedule Optimization C3 AI Property Appraisal C3 AI Readiness C3 AI Reliability C3 AI Smart Lending C3 AI Supply Network Risk – bak C3 AI Turnaround Optimization C3 Generative AI Constituent Services C3 Law Enforcement​ C3 Agentic AI Platform C3 Generative AI Back Overview Featured Solutions Back Contact Centers Financial Analysis Government Programs Industrial Operations Industries Back Aerospace Defense Financial Services Healthcare Intelligence Manufacturing Oil & Gas Telecommunications Utilities Business Processes Back Customer Services Energy Management ESG Finance Human Resources Process Optimization Reliability Sales Supply Chain Customers Why C3 Generative AI Get Started with a C3 AI Pilot
- Back
- C3 AI Applications Back C3 AI Applications Overview C3 AI Anti-Money Laundering C3 AI Cash Management C3 AI Contested Logistics C3 AI CRM C3 AI Decision Advantage C3 AI Demand Forecasting C3 AI Energy Management C3 AI ESG C3 AI Health C3 AI Intelligence Analysis C3 AI Inventory Optimization C3 AI Process Optimization C3 AI Production Schedule Optimization C3 AI Property Appraisal C3 AI Readiness C3 AI Reliability C3 AI Smart Lending C3 AI Supply Network Risk – bak C3 AI Turnaround Optimization C3 Generative AI Constituent Services C3 Law Enforcement​
- Back
- C3 AI Applications Overview
- C3 AI Anti-Money Laundering
- C3 AI Cash Management
- C3 AI Contested Logistics
- C3 AI CRM
- C3 AI Decision Advantage
- C3 AI Demand Forecasting
- C3 AI Energy Management
- C3 AI ESG
- C3 AI Health
- C3 AI Intelligence Analysis
- C3 AI Inventory Optimization
- C3 AI Process Optimization
- C3 AI Production Schedule Optimization
- C3 AI Property Appraisal
- C3 AI Readiness
- C3 AI Reliability
- C3 AI Smart Lending
- C3 AI Supply Network Risk – bak
- C3 AI Turnaround Optimization
- C3 Generative AI Constituent Services
- C3 Law Enforcement​
- C3 Agentic AI Platform
- C3 Generative AI Back Overview Featured Solutions Back Contact Centers Financial Analysis Government Programs Industrial Operations Industries Back Aerospace Defense Financial Services Healthcare Intelligence Manufacturing Oil & Gas Telecommunications Utilities Business Processes Back Customer Services Energy Management ESG Finance Human Resources Process Optimization Reliability Sales Supply Chain Customers Why C3 Generative AI
- Back
- Overview
- Featured Solutions Back Contact Centers Financial Analysis Government Programs Industrial Operations
- Back
- Contact Centers
- Financial Analysis
- Government Programs
- Industrial Operations
- Industries Back Aerospace Defense Financial Services Healthcare Intelligence Manufacturing Oil & Gas Telecommunications Utilities
- Back
- Aerospace
- Defense
- Financial Services
- Healthcare
- Intelligence
- Manufacturing
- Oil & Gas
- Telecommunications
- Utilities
- Business Processes Back Customer Services Energy Management ESG Finance Human Resources Process Optimization Reliability Sales Supply Chain
- Back
- Customer Services
- Energy Management
- ESG
- Finance
- Human Resources
- Process Optimization
- Reliability
- Sales
- Supply Chain
- Customers
- Why C3 Generative AI
- Get Started with a C3 AI Pilot
- Industries Back Manufacturing Industry Oil & Gas Utilities Financial Services Defense & Intelligence Maritime Life Sciences and Healthcare Government Telecommunications Transportation Retail
- Back
- Manufacturing Industry
- Oil & Gas
- Utilities
- Financial Services
- Defense & Intelligence
- Maritime
- Life Sciences and Healthcare
- Government
- Telecommunications
- Transportation
- Retail
- Customers
- Events
- Resources Back Generative AI for Business Back Generative AI for Business C3 Generative AI: How Is It Unique? Back C3 AI’s Generative AI Journey What Makes C3 Generative AI Unique How C3 Generative AI Is Transforming Businesses Reimagining the Enterprise with AI Back Introduction The Advent of AI How to Implement AI in Your Business What To Consider When Using Generative AI Why Generative AI Is ‘Like the Internet Circa 1996’ Can the Generative AI Hallucination Problem be Overcome? Transforming Healthcare Operations with Generative AI Data Avalanche to Strategic Advantage: Generative AI in Supply Chains Supply Chains for a Dangerous World: ‘Flexible, Resilient, Powered by AI’ LLMs Pose Major Security Risks, Serving As ‘Attack Vectors’ What Is Enterprise AI? Back What Is Enterprise AI? Enterprise AI Best Practices Enterprise AI Buyer’s Guide 10 Core Principles of Enterprise AI IT for Enterprise AI Develop AI 26x Faster on AWS Develop AI 18x Faster on Azure Enterprise AI Resources Machine Learning Back Introduction What is Machine Learning? Tuning a Machine Learning Model Evaluating Model Performance Runtimes and Compute Requirements Selecting the Right AI/ML Problems Best Practices in Prototyping Best Practices in Ongoing Operations Building a Strong Team About the Author References Download eBook All Resources Publications Customer Viewpoints Blog Glossary Developer Portal
- Back
- Generative AI for Business Back Generative AI for Business C3 Generative AI: How Is It Unique? Back C3 AI’s Generative AI Journey What Makes C3 Generative AI Unique How C3 Generative AI Is Transforming Businesses Reimagining the Enterprise with AI Back Introduction The Advent of AI How to Implement AI in Your Business What To Consider When Using Generative AI Why Generative AI Is ‘Like the Internet Circa 1996’ Can the Generative AI Hallucination Problem be Overcome? Transforming Healthcare Operations with Generative AI Data Avalanche to Strategic Advantage: Generative AI in Supply Chains Supply Chains for a Dangerous World: ‘Flexible, Resilient, Powered by AI’ LLMs Pose Major Security Risks, Serving As ‘Attack Vectors’
- Back
- Generative AI for Business
- C3 Generative AI: How Is It Unique? Back C3 AI’s Generative AI Journey What Makes C3 Generative AI Unique How C3 Generative AI Is Transforming Businesses
- Back
- C3 AI’s Generative AI Journey
- What Makes C3 Generative AI Unique
- How C3 Generative AI Is Transforming Businesses
- Reimagining the Enterprise with AI Back Introduction The Advent of AI How to Implement AI in Your Business
- Back
- Introduction
- The Advent of AI
- How to Implement AI in Your Business
- What To Consider When Using Generative AI
- Why Generative AI Is ‘Like the Internet Circa 1996’
- Can the Generative AI Hallucination Problem be Overcome?
- Transforming Healthcare Operations with Generative AI
- Data Avalanche to Strategic Advantage: Generative AI in Supply Chains
- Supply Chains for a Dangerous World: ‘Flexible, Resilient, Powered by AI’
- LLMs Pose Major Security Risks, Serving As ‘Attack Vectors’
- What Is Enterprise AI? Back What Is Enterprise AI? Enterprise AI Best Practices Enterprise AI Buyer’s Guide 10 Core Principles of Enterprise AI IT for Enterprise AI Develop AI 26x Faster on AWS Develop AI 18x Faster on Azure Enterprise AI Resources
- Back
- What Is Enterprise AI?
- Enterprise AI Best Practices
- Enterprise AI Buyer’s Guide
- 10 Core Principles of Enterprise AI
- IT for Enterprise AI
- Develop AI 26x Faster on AWS
- Develop AI 18x Faster on Azure
- Enterprise AI Resources
- Machine Learning Back Introduction What is Machine Learning? Tuning a Machine Learning Model Evaluating Model Performance Runtimes and Compute Requirements Selecting the Right AI/ML Problems Best Practices in Prototyping Best Practices in Ongoing Operations Building a Strong Team About the Author References Download eBook
- Back
- Introduction
- What is Machine Learning?
- Tuning a Machine Learning Model
- Evaluating Model Performance
- Runtimes and Compute Requirements
- Selecting the Right AI/ML Problems
- Best Practices in Prototyping
- Best Practices in Ongoing Operations
- Building a Strong Team
- About the Author
- References
- Download eBook
- All Resources
- Publications
- Customer Viewpoints
- Blog
- Glossary
- Developer Portal
[LINK: Developer Portal](https://developer.c3.ai/)
- News
- Company Back Company Partners Investors Careers Leadership C3.ai DTI Events C3 AI Fellows
- Back
- Company
- Partners
- Investors
- Careers
- Leadership
- C3.ai DTI
- Events
- C3 AI Fellows
- Contact Us

## This is Enterprise AI.

15 Years of Enterprise AI Success

## This is Enterprise AI

## C3 AI Applications

C3 AI provides over 130 turnkey Enterprise AI applications that meet the business-critical needs of global enterprises in manufacturing, financial services, government, utilities, oil and gas, chemicals, agribusiness, defense and intelligence, and more.

### Holcim Redefines the Future of Building with Enterprise AI

### Shell Chooses C3 AI to Digitally Transform Shell

### U.S. Air Force Increases Aircraft Readiness Using C3 AI Readiness

### Koch Uses Enterprise AI at Scale

### Enterprise Data Analytics Platform and AMI Operations

### Baker Hughes Uses C3 AI for Digital Transformation of Energy Industry

## C3 AI Software

### AI Applications

Ready-to-use enterprise AI applications for high-value use cases.
- AI CRM Suite
- Asset Performance Suite
- Defense & Intelligence Suite
- Financial Services Suite
- State & Local Government Suite
- Supply Chain Suite
- Sustainability Suite

### Development Tools

An integrated family of deep code, low code, and no code development tools available in a collaborative multi-functional environment.

### AI Platform

The C3 AI Platform provides all necessary software services in one integrated suite to rapidly develop, provision, and operate Enterprise AI applications.

## What is Enterprise AI

### The New Technology Stack

Organizations need a new technology stack to realize the true potential of enterprise AI. Discover how the C3 AI Platform reduces complexity, accelerates development, and delivers future-proof enterprise AI application. Download the White Paper

## AI Defense Forum 2024: Unlock the Insight Advantage

Join us for a thought-provoking and insightful one-day event where you’ll hear from military and civilian leaders, technologists, and policymakers on how AI can address the complex, multi-dimensional challenges of the Department of Defense and Intelligence Community.​
Join Us at AI Defense Forum

## C3 AI Customers

## C3 AI Studio

C3 AI provides an integrated family of development tools to meet the needs of different development communities.
Learn More

### Data Science

C3 AI uses industry standard tools, including Jupyter Notebook, R, Python, and Scala.

### Deep Code

C3 AI provides access to deep code through the Visual Studio, a popular source code editor.

### Low Code

C3 AI Studio has a low code interface to develop. deploy, and operate enterprise AI applications.

### No Code

C3 AI Ex Machina is a no code interface to design, develop, and deploy AI solutions and analytics.

## Proven results in weeks, not years

### Exec. Briefing help_outline

2 Hours
Get insights into C3 AI’s capabilities, enterprise AI best practices, and highest-value use cases.

### Technology Assessment help_outline

2-3 Days
Gain insights into the C3 AI Platform's capabilities, its model-driven architecture, and test it against your company's sample data set.

### Production Trial help_outline

8-12 Weeks
Identify a high-impact business problem and collaborate with the C3 AI team to rapidly build an AI application that solves it.

### AI Application Deployment in Production help_outline

3-6 Months
Scale and deploy a tested C3 AI application into production. Incorporate user feedback and optimize algorithms to drive maximum economic value.

## Take the next step

Contact Sales
Learn how our industry-leading Enterprise AI software products can help your organization.
Investor Relations
Contact us at IR@C3.ai to learn more about investing at C3 AI.
Request Information
For all other questions, please contact us here.

### AI Software

C3 AI Platform C3 AI Applications C3 AI CRM

### C3 AI Platform

C3 AI Studio Visual Studio Code JupyterLab Application Canvas

### Industries

Manufacturing Oil & Gas Utilities Financial Services Government Healthcare Retail Telecommunications Transportation

### Customers

U.S. Air Force International Oil Company Fortune 50 Banking – Securities Lending Fortune 50 Banking – Customer Churn ConEdison Fortune 200 Manufacturing Fortune 100 Technology ENGIE AEP

### Enterprise AI

What is Enterprise AI? Best Practices – AI Application Lifecycle Best Practices – Enterprise AI Roadmap Best Practices – AI Application Development Enterprise AI Buyer’s Guide 10 Core Principles of Enterprise AI IT for Enterprise AI Develop AI 25X Faster on AWS Develop AI 25X Faster on Azure Enterprise AI Resources

### Company

News About C3.ai Leadership Careers Partners Blog C3.ai Live Testimonials Resources C3 Transform Contact Us

### Other

Get Started Privacy Policy Terms of Use Legal Modern Slavery Statement

--------------------