# Smart:EQ 4
**URL:** https://www.sonible.com/smarteq4
**Page Title:** smart:EQ 4 by sonible - the intelligent equalizer with the power of AI
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ar_debug Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie t.co vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie www.sonible.com 4 saferpaycw-woocommerce-context-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie saferpaycw-woocommerce-context-key Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wc_cart_hash_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wc_fragments_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cloudflare 1 Learn more about this provider cf.turnstile.u This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ar_debug Checks whether a technical debugger-cookie is present. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- challenges.cloudflare.com vimeo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- t.co vimeo.com 3 __cf_bm [x3] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.sonible.com 4 saferpaycw-woocommerce-context-id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie saferpaycw-woocommerce-context-key Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wc_cart_hash_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wc_fragments_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.sonible.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider loglevel Maintains settings and outputs when using the Developer Tools Console on current session. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.sonible.com 1 wp-wpml_current_language Designates the country code that is calculated based on the user's IP address. Used to determine what language should be used for the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie sonible.com 2 engagePC Track engagement with website (number of visited pages). Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie engageTC Track engagement with website (time spent on page). Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.sonible.com 9 sbjs_current Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_current_add Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_first Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_first_add Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_migrations Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_session Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_udata Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie pys_landing_page Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie pysTrafficSource Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 1 Learn more about this provider sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider _tt_enable_cookie Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter - The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website onto their Twitter profile. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- sonible.com 2 engagePC Track engagement with website (number of visited pages). Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie engageTC Track engagement with website (time spent on page). Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.sonible.com 9 sbjs_current Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_current_add Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_first Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_first_add Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_migrations Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_session Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sbjs_udata Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie pys_landing_page Detects and stores which landing page was presented to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie pysTrafficSource Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie TikTok 6 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 23 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage www.sonible.com 1 pys_fb_event_id This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 5 Learn more about this provider lastExternalReferrer Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage lastExternalReferrerTime Detects how the user reached the website by registering their last URL-address. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage log/error Used to detect and log potential tracking errors. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker topicsLastReferenceTime Collects data on the user across websites - This data is used to make advertisement more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 7 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/1p-conversion/#/ Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _ga Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Reddit 3 Learn more about this provider rp.gif Necessary for the implementation of the Reddit.com's share-button function. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _rdt_uuid [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- TikTok 6 Learn more about this provider tt_appInfo Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_pixel_session_index Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tt_sessionId Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _ttp [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ttcsid Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 6 Learn more about this provider 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 23 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.sonible.com 1 pys_fb_event_id This cookie registers data on the visitor. The information is used to optimize advertisement relevance. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Spotify 5 Learn more about this provider ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_CE85S73C77UFTJ8G2APG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sonible.com 3 CB_lastdate Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CB_updated Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CM2_consents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 540 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Spotify 5 Learn more about this provider ES|#|EVENT|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|GLOBAL_SEQ_NUM Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|INSTALLATION_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|SEQ_NUM|# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ES|#|STORAGE_ID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 1 Learn more about this provider ttcsid_CE85S73C77UFTJ8G2APG Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- sonible.com 3 CB_lastdate Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CB_updated Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie CM2_consents Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 540 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- The intelligent equalizer A dual angle on EQ Try now for 30 days Get smart:EQ 4 now
- Overview
- Download
- Features
- Specifications

## smart:EQ 4

smart:EQ 4 uses AI to correct spectral issues and achieve tonal balance. This equalizer empowers you to approach a project from a mix’ perspective: Intelligent cross-channel processing offers hierarchical control over multiple tracks and enables you to get spectral mixing done via drag and drop.
- Intelligent cross-channel processing for spectral unmasking
- AI-filter to automatically correct tonal imbalances
- Dynamic EQing, mix profiles, reference track feature, auto gain,..

## Give smart:EQ 4 a try for 30 days

### Register now and get your fully-functional demo!

### Features

## Define your mix, refine your tracks

### Empower your mix journey

## Keeping the mix context in mind – effortlessly

Unlike usual equalizers that leave the context of a mix out of any processing, smart:EQ 4 lets you take control over multi-track unmasking processes easily and get spectral mixing done by simple dragging and dropping up to 10 tracks. This set priorities for each smart:filter, bringing some elements to the forefront of the sonic stage, leaving some in the middle, and pushing some into the background. Switching back and forth between instances is a thing of the past in this innovative tool – any instance within the same group can be remotely controlled from any other instance.
The traditional way to mix a project, starting with individual elements and building a mix piece-by-piece, is the bottom-up method for mixing music. This tried-and-tested approach is still possible in smart:EQ 4, with simple control over the character of each channel of a mix thanks to the plug-in’s spectral shaping.

### smart:filter technology by sonible

## AI-powered equalization for instant spectral balance

The centerpiece of smart:EQ 4 is the smart:filter – it automatically balances the signal based on a target Profile you choose for your tracks. The smart:filter within each EQ instance comes with a range of features to adjust the AI-powered processing to your liking. Open up the smart:filter widget to tweak the Smoothing parameter for gentler filtering and turn up the Adaptive option to smooth out highly dynamic signals. You can split the green weighting curve of the smart:filter and set a certain frequency range to define where the intelligent algorithms should get to work.
smart:EQ 4’s smart:filter can be used in three modes: 'Track' balances the channel; 'Group' doesn’t affect the channel but reduces masking between it and other group members; 'Track and Group' applies balancing to the channel and makes it subject to unmasking.

### Calibrate the intelligent processing

## Profiles for instruments, vocals and entire mixes

With each generation of smart:EQ, the range of available Profiles grew. smart:EQ 4 sports instrument and vocal Profiles that you can use on single tracks or busses. To give your mix a final spectral polish, use one of the genre-based profiles. If you are chasing a certain sound, load up a reference track to create a custom profile and have smart:EQ 4 emulate its spectral character and balance on your channel or buss. By popular demand, now you can even specify the maximum learning time that smart:EQ 4 should use to analyze the input signal.

### Dynamic standard filters, Mid/Side processing, Auto gain,...

## All the features you need for expert tweaking

smart:EQ 4 is a highly versatile EQ that has got you covered with every feature you would expect from a pro-grade equalizer. In addition to the smart:filter, smart:EQ 4’s standard EQ bands sport dynamic behavior, offering a Dynamic Filter Widget with familiar compressor-like controls. These Standard EQ bands can be used alongside or instead of the main smart:filter bands for any instance of smart:EQ 4. There is also an Auto Gain Feature to compensate for level changes, comprehensive Mid-Side processing and an analyzer feature that not only shows you the track at hand but all instances that are in the same group.

## Testimonials

I would 100% recommend smart:EQ 4. Not only because of the spectral processing, but you can use the EQ in so many ways. Without a doubt, sonible creates powerful stuff.
It’s insane. This would not have been possible some years ago and now it’s going to change the way we work completely.
smart:EQ is one of those plugins I genuinely can’t live without anymore. I use it on pretty much every track or bus.

## smart:EQ 4

### smart:EQ 4 helps you to achieve the right balance for your tracks and mixes –incredibly fast and easy. You own smart:EQ 3? Log into you user account and check out your upgrade deal.

* We offer a 40% EDU discount for students and lecturers. Apply now!

## Press & Reviews

## Specifications

### Manual

### plug-in

### system requirements


--------------------