# -rpn
**URL:** https://www.cpc.ncep.noaa.gov/products/wesley/wgrib2/rpn.html
**Page Title:** Climate Prediction Center - wgrib2: -rpn
--------------------


### wgrib2: -rpn

### Introduction

The -rpn option runs a reverse polish notation 
( RPN )
calculator. Having a built-in calculator is quite handy.  We use it to convert
units (ex. geopotential to geopotential meters, accumulations to rates), 
compute simple quantities (net flux from downward and upward fluxes),
and even compute the plant hardiness index from the 2 m temperatures.  The goal
of the calculator is to reduce the need to write simple grib programs that
do simple calculations.
The "hardware" of the rpn calculator consists of 20 registers
and a stack (10 entries deep).  (Wgrib2 prior to 2.0.6 has 10 registers.) 
Stack entries and registers are arrays rather floating point numbers on
your store-bought calculator.
The conceptual model of the > -rpn calculator is the
grid values array is the top of the stack.  The calculator has
a statck that is 10 entries deep and 20 registers.  When
ever you enter rpn mode, the stack is cleared except for the
top of the stack.  The registers are only clears when you
"turn on" the calculator; that is start the wgrib2 utility
or the first call to wgrib2 if you are using calling wgrib2 
through wgrib2api or pywgrib2.
To save the calculations, you can save them in a register 
or write them out by -grib_out, -bin, -ieee, -text, etc.

### Callable wgrib2, wgrib2api

Callable Wgrib2 and wgrib2api use the -rpn registers to transfer
gridded data between the calling program and the wgrib2 subroutine.  A Fortran or C
program can read and write the wgrib2's RPN registers.  For example, if a program
wants to write a grib2 file, it would first place the grid values into a register.
The calling program would then call the wgrib2 subroutine with instructions to 
read a template, replace the grid values with the register values, and then 
write a grib message.

### Implementation Details

The size of a registers may differ as the size of grids can also vary in a grib file.
However the size of the register has to match the size of the stack entry in order
"recall" the register.
Wgrib2 always reads a grib message before processing it using commmands like -rpn.
This sets the size of the data array.  Thus the size of the stack entries is always
the size of the grib message that is being processed.
The conceptual moddel is the data array (grid values) is the
top of the stack.  The implmentation is that the data array is copied
to the top of the stack when -rpn is run, and the top of the stack is
copied to the data array when -rpn is finished.  An error message
will occur if the top of the stack is empty when -rpn finishes.

### Limitations of -rpn

The -rpn option was designed for
simple calculations.  For more complicated calculations, you
should use a real programming language.  You can do the
calculations in another step and then import the results
using one of the various -import_* options.  You can
use wgrib2api (Fortran and C) to read the data into a Fortran
or C program, do the calculation and then write the data out
using wgrib2.  Finally you can use python and one of the pywgrib2
packages to do the calculation using Python, numpy and pywgrib2 .

### Uses

- change of units when importing data (gribifying data)
- computations: ex, U,V -> wind speed, wind direction, potential temperature
- merging data
- complex masking of data
- changing units before writing text/ieee files
- removing extreme data values
- finding min and max values
- finding the globally averaged precipitation
- comparing fields

### Usage

Operators and Functions:
- abs: absolute value
- acos: arc cos, [0, pi] radians
- alt_x_scan: changes alternate x scanning to regular x scanning and vice versa
- asin: arc sin, result is [-pi/2, pi/2] radians
- atan: arc tan, result is [-pi/2, pi/2] radians, see atan2
- abs: absolute value
- ceil: smallest integer >= X
- cos: cosine, argument in radians
- exp: e^X
- floor: largest integer <= X
- ln: natural logorithm
- raw2: convert from input scan order to output scan order
- sin: sine, argument in radians
- smth9g: smth9 for global fields, 9 point smoothing, undefined values adjacent to defined values are defined
- smth9r: snth9 for regional fields, 9 point smoothing, undefined values adjacent to defined values are defined
- sq: X*X
- sqrt: square root
- tan: tangent, argument in radians
- xave: for nx-ny grids, averages in the x direction (normally zonal mean)
- xdev: for nx-ny grids, remove x average (normally deviation from zonal mean)
- yrev: for nx-ny grids, changes we:sn to we:ns and vice versa
- 1/x: 1/X
- 2raw: convert from output scan order to input scan order
- +: push X+Y
- -: push X-Y
- *: push X*Y
- /: push X/Y
- <: push X < Y    (1/0 if true/false)
- <=: push X <= Y  (1/0 if true/false)
- ==: push X == Y  (1/0 if true/false)
- !=: push X != Y  (1/0 if true/false)
- >=: push X >= Y  (1/0 if true/false)
- >: push X > Y    (1/0 if true/false)
- atan2: push arctan(X/Y), result is [-pi, pi] radians, see atan
- pow: push X**Y (X^Y)
- mask: if (Y != 0) push(X) else push(UNDEFINED)
- max: push max(X,Y), for logical values, max is the same as OR
- merge: if (Y != UNDEFINED) push(Y) else push(X)
- min: push min(X,Y), for logical values, min is the same as AND
- clr, clear the stack (stack is emptied)
- dup, duplicate the top of the stack
- pop, remove the top of the stack
- exc/swap, exchange the top 2 stack entries
- clr_I, clear register I,  I=0,1..,9   (19 for v2.0.6+)
- rcl_I, push register I on top of stack,  I=0,1..,9  (19 for v2.0.6+)
- sto_I, save top of stack in register I,  I=0,1..,9  (19 for v2.0.6+)
- rcl_lat, push latitudes onto the top of the stack (degrees)
- rcl_lon, push longitudes onto the top of the stack (degrees)
- sto_lon, save top of stack as longitudes (degrees) (wgrib2 v3.0.0+)
- sto_lat, save top of stack as latitudes (degrees) (wgrib2 v3.0.0+)
- note: latitudes and longitudes are double precision values, the stack is single precision
- number               number = floating point or integer number like 0, 10.1, -1.23e-4
- days_in_ref_month    number of days in the month for the reference date (conversion between monthly acc. and rates)
- days_in_verf_month   number of days in the month for the verification time (conversion betwee monthly acc. and rates)
- pi                   3.1415....
- rand                 random number uniformly distributed between 0 and 1, each grid point has a different random number
- print_corr, write cosine weighted spatial correlation, data[TOP] data[TOP-1]
- print_max, print_min, data[TOP]
- print_rms, write cosine weighted RMS, data[TOP]-data[TOP-1]
- print_diff, write cosine weighted difference, data[TOP-1]-data[TOP]
- print_ave, write cosine weighted average,  grid_ave(data[TOP]*cos(grid))/grid_ave(cos(grid))
- print_wt_ave, write weighted average grid_ave, data[TOP] is the weighting
    print grid_ave(data[TOP]*data[TOP-1])/grid_ave(data[TOP])

### Example 1

The standard units of grib temperature is K but you want the text output in Celcius.
Fahrenheit is easy too (F = (K-273.15)*9/5+32).

### Example 2

Suppose you want to limit the relative humidity values to 100.  This example only
affect the RH fields.  All submessages will be converted into messages.

### Example 3

Suppose that you wanted the 500 to 1000 mb thickness, and the file only contained
one field of Z1000 and one field of Z500.

### Example 4

Write out the 500 mb wind speed.

### Example 5

Suppose someone made a mistake and the latent heat flux (LHTFL) had the wrong sign.  RPN to the rescue.

### Example 6

### Example 7: Quilting/Merging

Suppose that we have 4 forecast systems with different domains and resolutions.  
We have the NAM, ARPEGE and the ALADIN regional models and the global GFS.
We want a grid that combines the 4 forecasts with a high to low priority.
The 4 forecasts have different fields and resolutions in their grib files.  So
the first step is select a specific field and convert it to a common grid.

### Example 8: Land Mask

### Example 9: Total-total index

An example of calculating the dewpoint and 
total-total index is more involved. Using an on-line infix to postfix (reverse polish)
calculator is helpful.

### Example 10: global precipitation

The model has the precipitation in the variable PRATE
which has units of mm/sec (assuming 1 gm H2O = 1cc).  Suppose
I wanted the globally averaged precip in the non-metric unit
of mm/day.  It's one command away

### Changes

Wgrib2 v3.0.0+ adds error chechking to floating point values,

### Comments

Warning: Reverse Polish notation can cause headaches if you try something
too complicated. An infix -> postfix calculator is the suggested
remedy. Another approach is to use pywgrib2_s, pywgrib2_xy, or pywgrib2_lite.
The -rpn option is a piece of easy to
understand and modify code (RPN.c).  If you want to add
a specialized function (ex. wind chill calculation), you many
consider adding it to the RPN calculator.  The another method
is to code your calculation in python and use pywgrib2_s,
pywgrib2_xy or pywgrib2_lite.
Why an RPN calculator?  Well, wgrib2 is heavily influenced by the stack language Forth.
It's only natural that the calculator would be based on reverse
Polish notation.
See also: -if , -if_reg , -fi , -grib_out , -rpn_rcl , -rpn_sto ,

--------------------