# AB 3211
**URL:** https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billNavClient.xhtml
**Page Title:** California Legislative Information
--------------------

### (Raw Extraction Fallback)

skip to content home accessibility FAQ feedback sitemap login 
Home
Bill Information
California Law
Publications
Other Resources
My Subscriptions
My Favorites
TODAY'S SCHEDULE
Sun, Feb 1, 2026
WELCOME
Welcome to the California Legislative Information website!

We are pleased to announce a new tracking feature that will notify you when a bill that proposes changes to the Political Reform Act is published to the California Legislative Information website pursuant to section 81012.5 of the Government Code. The feature will also subscribe you to the bill. Once subscribed, email notifications will be sent as the Political Reform Act bill moves through the legislative process. Visit the site’s FAQ page for additional information.

Measures prior to 1999 can still be found at http://leginfo.ca.gov which will remain as an archive for legislative information.
To access a complete listing of California Law Codes and Bill Search features, click the California Law or Bill Information Tabs on the Tabbed Panel above.
Quick Bill Search:
Bill Number
Keywords(s)
Quick Code Search:
Code
Select Code
All
BPC
CIV
CCP
COM
CORP
EDC
ELEC
EVID
FAM
FIN
FGC
FAC
GOV
HNC
HSC
INS
LAB
MVC
PEN
PROB
PCC
PRC
PUC
RTC
SHC
UIC
VEH
WAT
WIC
Code Section
Keywords(s)
Daily Updates
Assembly Updates
Senate Updates
Daily Files
Assembly
Senate
Quick Links
Subscribe to Political Reform Act Bills
Senate Video Archive
Assembly Video Archive
Downloadable Database
CA Agency Reports
Register to Vote
Pursuant to Section 10248.5 of the Government Code, the information described in subdivision (a) of Section 10248 of the Government Code and made available on this Web site is within the public domain and the State of California retains no copyright or other proprietary interest in the information.
Privacy and Conditions of Use PolicyWebsite Accessibility Certification[PDF]

--------------------