# **Acas**
**URL:** https://www.acas.org.uk
**Page Title:** Acas | Making working life better for everyone in Britain
--------------------

Acas gives employees and employers free, impartial advice on workplace rights, rules and best practice. We also offer training and help to resolve disputes. More about Acas .

## How Acas can help

### Advice

Free advice on employment rights, rules and best practice.

### Templates

Free letters, forms and policy documents to adapt.

### Dispute resolution services

How Acas can help you get a legal agreement without going to an employment tribunal, or help resolve a dispute.

### Training

Courses, events and tailored support on a wide range of employment topics.

## News and updates

### Acas Codes of Practice: what they mean for you

Acas Senior Policy Adviser Gary Wedderburn explains what Codes of Practice are and why they're important.
Acas blog, 29 January 2026

### Employment Rights Act 2025

What will change now the Employment Rights Bill has become law.
Page updated 21 January 2026

### Paternity and parental leave: the law and proposed changes - book now on our training website

The law on paternity and parental leave will change in April 2026. Find out about the current law and the changes.
Various dates, online

## Cookies on the Acas website

We use some essential cookies to make our website work.
We'd like to set additional cookies to understand how you use our website so we can improve our services.

## Cookie settings

### Manage your preferences

These cookies collect information about how you use our digital services. This includes how you get to our website, the pages you view and what you click on.
These cookies do things like remember your preferences and the choices you make, to personalise your experience of using the site.
These cookies can be set by third party websites. They do things like measure how you view YouTube videos on our website.
These essential cookies do things like remember your progress through a form.

### Cookie List

- checkbox label label

--------------------