# Autonomous drones saving lives and powering disaster preparedness - AI for Good
**URL:** https://aiforgood.itu.int/autonomous-drones-saving-lives-and-powering-disaster-preparedness
**Page Title:** Autonomous drones saving lives and powering disaster preparedness - AI for Good
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Pagely 2 Learn more about this provider wc_cart_hash_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wc_fragments_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie aiforgood.itu.int 3 PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wordpress_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage aiforgood.itu.int www.itu.int 4 BIGipServer# [x2] Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TS# [x2] Used to ensure website security and fraud detection. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie consent.cookiebot.com www.itu.int 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie ip2org-ext.zi-ext.com ip2org-ext-api-gw-prd.zi-ext.com 2 visitorId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage neuralnetwork.aiforgood.itu.int 2 AWSALB Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie vimeo.com zoominfo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 8 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie _grecaptcha This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pagely 2 Learn more about this provider wc_cart_hash_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage wc_fragments_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Stripe 3 Learn more about this provider m Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_mid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __stripe_sid This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- aiforgood.itu.int 3 PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wordpress_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wpEmojiSettingsSupports This cookie is part of a bundle of cookies which serve the purpose of content delivery and presentation. The cookies keep the correct state of font, blog/picture sliders, color themes and other website settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- aiforgood.itu.int www.itu.int 4 BIGipServer# [x2] Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TS# [x2] Used to ensure website security and fraud detection. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- consent.cookiebot.com www.itu.int 3 CookieConsent [x3] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- ip2org-ext.zi-ext.com ip2org-ext-api-gw-prd.zi-ext.com 2 visitorId [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- m.stripe.com 3 Learn more about this provider _ab This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _mf This cookie is necessary for making credit card transactions on the website. The service is provided by Stripe.com which allows online transactions without storing any credit card information. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- neuralnetwork.aiforgood.itu.int 2 AWSALB Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie AWSALBCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- platform.twitter.com vimeo.com 2 __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- vimeo.com zoominfo.com 2 _cfuvid [x2] This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- m.stripe.com 1 Learn more about this provider 1 This cookie is used in conjunction with the payment window - The cookie is necessary for making secure transactions on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie Pagely 1 Learn more about this provider number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ws.zoominfo.com 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Google 2 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Pagely 1 Learn more about this provider number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- ws.zoominfo.com 2 ziwsSession Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage ziwsSessionId Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Pagely 24 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-icons-last-purged [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage TikTok 3 Learn more about this provider ttwid Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __tt_embed__mounting Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __tt_embed__storage_test Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker YouTube 9 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 7 __tea_cache_first_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_cache_tokens_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_sdk_ab_version_# Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PUMBAA_FREQ Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage SLARDARtiktok_web_embed Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmsi Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmst Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 1 __tea_session_id_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 2 msToken [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage tiktokw.eu sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 2 msToken [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 3 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _gcl_au Used to measure the efficiency of the website’s advertisement efforts, by collecting data on the conversion rate of the website’s ads across multiple websites. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Pagely 24 Learn more about this provider collect/ Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-icons-last-purged [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- TikTok 3 Learn more about this provider ttwid Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie __tt_embed__mounting Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage __tt_embed__storage_test Registers data on the performance of the website’s embedded video-content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Twitter Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- YouTube 9 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 7 __tea_cache_first_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_cache_tokens_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __tea_sdk_ab_version_# Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage PUMBAA_FREQ Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage SLARDARtiktok_web_embed Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmsi Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage xmst Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 1 __tea_session_id_# Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 2 msToken [x2] Used by the social networking service, TikTok, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- tiktokw.eu sf16-website-login.neutral.ttwstatic.com 2 msToken [x2] Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Pagely 1 Learn more about this provider supporting_docs_count_files Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage aiforgood.itu.int 1 wpcf7_guest_user_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie neuralnetwork.aiforgood.itu.int 4 _redisSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anyLogin Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage landingPage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage triggeredEventReload Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 1 HYBRID_SLARDAR_WEBtiktok_pns_web_runtime Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Pagely 1 Learn more about this provider supporting_docs_count_files Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- aiforgood.itu.int 1 wpcf7_guest_user_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- neuralnetwork.aiforgood.itu.int 4 _redisSession Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie anyLogin Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage landingPage Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage triggeredEventReload Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- sf16-website-login.neutral.tiktokcdn-eu.com 1 HYBRID_SLARDAR_WEBtiktok_pns_web_runtime Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
AI for Good stories

## Autonomous drones saving lives and powering disaster preparedness

Last week marked the International Day for Disaster Risk Reduction. Held every October 13, the day raises awareness about world disasters and the importance of reducing exposure and minimizing risks.
Last week marked the International Day for Disaster Risk Reduction . Held every October 13, the day raises awareness about world disasters and the importance of reducing exposure and minimizing risks.
Recently, disaster management efforts have seen a huge boost from advanced and emerging technologies in AI-powered drones and unmanned aerial vehicles.
Nowadays drones are being used for various humanitarian purposes including: search-and-rescue operations, reconnaissance of the situation during emergencies, delivery of medical equipment and supplies, telemedicine communications and much more.
The AI for Good webinar, “Unleashing autonomous drones for disaster risk reduction,” explored how AI-powered drones can be applied for disaster prevention, mitigation, and preparedness.
The webinar conducted by ITU in collaboration with the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNDRR) highlighted the many uses of drones to save lives and power disaster response.
“AI-powered drones are really powerful tools… but the recent developments really can push further the boundaries of these drones’ applications for a better future and disaster risk reduction,” said Eszter Kovács, CEO and Co-founder of DroneTalks.
New technologies are contributing to situational awareness and ensuring early adoption and mitigation of various disasters and hazards. However, the question remains as to “how can we do a better job for a more resilient and sustainable society?” wondered Kovács.

### Drones for sustainable development

Disaster risk reduction is an integral part of social and economic development, and is essential for achieving sustainable development in the future. Disasters, as unavoidable as they are, are the pinnacle of natural phenomena. The inevitability of natural hazards requires the implementation of safety measures. The inherent value of disaster management is mostly determined by the immediate activities and procedures to provide assistance.
“We are constantly striving to see how risk information can become more accessible, and how we can use technology for the public good,” said Jenty Kirsch-Wood, Head of the Global Risk Analysis and Reporting Section at UNDRR.
While talking about the use of AI in various fields, she stressed out “an incredible scope for a combination of technological, policy and practical approaches for better understanding risks using this technology”.
Unfortunately, there are some regulatory and deployment barriers, as well as issues of accountability, accessibility, and interoperability. However, “drones can really play key and relatively low-cost role in helping to reduce this digital divide and make sure that parts of the world… can deploy this technology and make this data available as a part of multi-hazard multi-scale risk management approach,” explained Kirsch-Wood.
Drones need to be a part of a larger analytical framework. “They do not just tell you the answer, it’s got to be analyzed, it’s got to fit in for a proper validation and dialogue and continual learning process,” said Kirsch-Wood.

### Drones powering disaster risk reduction

When describing the different types of drones he is developing in the lab, Dario Floreano, Director of the Laboratory of Intelligent Systems at Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL) compared them to examples from biology and live creatures: “To get drones into difficult areas, for example, confined spaces, it is interesting to look how animals like birds and insects do that. They change their morphology to adapt to confined spaces and they can withstand collisions thanks to their flexibility… We do not have to copy these animals into mechanical designs but we can take inspiration from this morphological adaptation to design drones….” he explained.
“Drones have a lot of potential applications in disaster mitigation” said Dario Floreano, Director of the Laboratory of Intelligent Systems at Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Lausanne (EPFL).
Furthermore, since operating drones requires great training, Dario stated that “we try to look at a more natural way of controlling these drones and we studied new wearable exoskeletons that can allow non-trained people to drive these drones with their body gestures.”
Drones flying completely autonomously using neural networks is one of the main goals in the field of unmanned aerial vehicles. Talking about autonomy, Vijay Kumar, Nemirovsky Family Dean of Penn Engineering at University of Pennsylvania, considered the need to focus “more on embedding AI into these drones so that the humans can be freed up to do tasks that they are best suited to”.
Disaster mitigation is an application context where the vast amount of different unmanned aerial vehicles can be exploited. “When you are confronted with a highly unstructured environment, what you would like is for drones to be able to reason about this environment and react very quickly providing intelligence to human search and rescue workers,” said Kumar.
“The main goal in our work is thinking how we can use all kinds of UAVs for GPS-denied autonomous navigation…” not only for disaster risk reduction but also to prevent “the gradual degradation of our planet.”

### Drones and society 5.0

Yan Wan, Professor in Electrical Engineering at University of Texas at Arlington, talked about critical components of future smart cities and Internet of Things (IoT) networks and how drones can be applied there.
“Currently we’re undergoing the transition to industry 4.0 which is featured by technologies such as autonomy, big data, AI, IoT, robotics and cyber physical systems,” stated Wan.
She believes robots will be key components of the future society. Therefore, drones or aerial robots are not simple vehicles. “There are robots with integrated sensing, communication, control, computing and also networking capabilities.”
Wan highlighted the importance of UAV networking which “refers to networking in the air so that UAVs can exchange information, maintain safe maneuvering and also coordination for time-critical missions.”
As Disaster Risk Reduction Day emphasizes the need for strengthening resilience and achievement of sustainable development, this AI for Good webinar showed the benefits that drone technology can bring in risk mitigation and the need for these systems to be widely applied in emergency operations.
To learn more about drones for disaster risk reduction, watch the full webinar here . Follow AI for Good for learning about the latest developments in autonomous robots.
- Link copied!
- Facebook
- Twitter
- LinkedIn
- WhatsApp
- Email
For important information regarding the classification, please go to the Division’s website and review the last two questions in the Q&A page. Please be advised that the utilization of this list by AI for Good is exclusively for the purpose of ticketing for the 2024 AI for Good Global Summit, unless otherwise specified
New membership are not allowed.
Notifications
Are you sure you want to remove
 this speaker?

--------------------