# Bootstrap
**URL:** https://getbootstrap.com
**Page Title:** Bootstrap · The most popular HTML, CSS, and JS library in the world.
--------------------


## Build fast, responsive sites with Bootstrap

Powerful, extensible, and feature-packed frontend toolkit. Build and customize with Sass, utilize prebuilt grid
        system and components, and bring projects to life with powerful JavaScript plugins.
[LINK: Read the docs](/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction)
Currently v5.3.8 · Download · All releases
[LINK: Download](/docs/5.3/getting-started/download)
[LINK: All releases](/docs/versions/)

## Get started any way you want

Jump right into building with Bootstrap—use the CDN, install it via package manager, or download the source code.
Read installation docs
[LINK: Read installation docs](/docs/5.3/getting-started/download/)

### Install via package manager

Install Bootstrap’s source Sass and JavaScript files via npm, RubyGems, Composer, or Meteor. Package-managed
      installs don’t include documentation or our full build scripts. You can also use any demo from our Examples repo to quickly jumpstart Bootstrap projects.
[LINK: use any demo from our Examples repo](https://github.com/twbs/examples/)
Read our installation docs for more info and additional
      package managers.
[LINK: Read our installation docs](/docs/5.3/getting-started/download)

### Include via CDN

When you only need to include Bootstrap’s compiled CSS or JS, you can use jsDelivr . See it in action with our simple quick start , or browse the examples to jumpstart your next project. You can also
      choose to include Popper and our JS separately .
[LINK: quick start](/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/#quick-start)
[LINK: browse the examples](/docs/5.3/examples)
[LINK: separately](/docs/5.3/getting-started/introduction/#separate)
Get a jump on including Bootstrap's source files in a new project with our official guides.
[LINK: Webpack](/docs/5.3/getting-started/webpack/)
[LINK: Parcel](/docs/5.3/getting-started/parcel/)
[LINK: Vite](/docs/5.3/getting-started/vite/)

## Customize everything with Sass

Bootstrap utilizes Sass for a modular and customizable architecture. Import only the components you need, enable
    global options like gradients and shadows, and write your own CSS with our variables, maps, functions, and mixins.
Learn more about customizing
[LINK: Learn more about customizing](/docs/5.3/customize/overview/)

### Include all of Bootstrap’s Sass

Import one stylesheet and you're off to the races with every feature of our CSS.
Learn more about our global Sass options .
[LINK: global Sass options](/docs/5.3/customize/options)

### Include what you need

The easiest way to customize Bootstrap—include only the CSS you need.
Learn more about using Bootstrap with Sass .
[LINK: using Bootstrap with Sass](/docs/5.3/customize/sass)

## Build and extend in real-time with CSS variables

Bootstrap 5 is evolving with each release to better utilize CSS variables for global theme styles, individual
      components, and even utilities. We provide dozens of variables for colors, font styles, and more at a :root level for use anywhere. On components and utilities, CSS variables are scoped to the relevant class and can easily
      be modified.
Learn more about CSS variables
[LINK: Learn more about CSS variables](/docs/5.3/customize/css-variables)

### Using CSS variables

Use any of our global :root variables to write new styles. CSS variables use the var(--bs-variableName) syntax and can be inherited by children
        elements.
[LINK: global :root variables](/docs/5.3/customize/css-variables/#root-variables)

### Customizing via CSS variables

Override global, component, or utility class variables to customize Bootstrap just how you like. No need to
        redeclare each rule, just a new variable value.

## Components, meet the Utility API

New in Bootstrap 5, our utilities are now generated by our Utility API . We built it as a feature-packed Sass map that can be quickly and easily customized. It's never been easier to
      add, remove, or modify any utility classes. Make utilities responsive, add pseudo-class variants, and give them
      custom names.
[LINK: Utility API](/docs/5.3/utilities/api)

### Quickly customize components

Apply any of our included utility classes to our components to customize their appearance, like the navigation
        example below. There are hundreds of classes available—from positioning and sizing to colors and effects . Mix them with CSS variable overrides for
        even more control.
[LINK: positioning](/docs/5.3/utilities/position)
[LINK: sizing](/docs/5.3/utilities/sizing)
[LINK: colors](/docs/5.3/utilities/colors)
[LINK: effects](/docs/5.3/utilities/shadows)
Explore customized components
[LINK: Explore customized components](/docs/5.3/examples/#snippets)

### Create and extend utilities

Use Bootstrap's utility API to modify any of our included utilities or create your own custom utilities for any
        project. Import Bootstrap first, then use Sass map functions to modify, add, or remove utilities.
Explore the utility API
[LINK: Explore the utility API](/docs/5.3/utilities/api/)

## Powerful JavaScript plugins without jQuery

Add toggleable hidden elements, modals and offcanvas menus, popovers and tooltips, and so much more—all without
      jQuery. Bootstrap's JavaScript is HTML-first, meaning most plugins are added with data attributes in your
      HTML. Need more control? Include individual plugins programmatically.
Learn more about Bootstrap JavaScript
[LINK: Learn more about Bootstrap JavaScript](/docs/5.3/getting-started/javascript)

### Data attribute API

Why write more JavaScript when you can write HTML? Nearly all of Bootstrap's JavaScript plugins feature a
        first-class data API, allowing you to use JavaScript just by adding data attributes.
Learn more about our JavaScript as modules and using the programmatic API .
[LINK: our JavaScript as modules](/docs/5.3/getting-started/javascript/#using-bootstrap-as-a-module)
[LINK: using the programmatic API](/docs/5.3/getting-started/javascript/#programmatic-api)

### Comprehensive set of plugins

Bootstrap features a dozen plugins that you can drop into any project. Drop them in all at once, or choose just
        the ones you need.
[LINK: Alert Show and hide alert messages to your users.](/docs/5.3/components/alerts/#javascript-behavior)
[LINK: Button Programmatically control the active state for buttons.](/docs/5.3/components/buttons/#button-plugin)
[LINK: Carousel Add slideshows to any page, including support for crossfade.](/docs/5.3/components/carousel/)
[LINK: Collapse Expand and collapse areas of content, or create accordions.](/docs/5.3/components/collapse/)
[LINK: Dropdown Create menus of links, actions, forms, and more.](/docs/5.3/components/dropdowns/)
[LINK: Modal Add flexible and responsive dialogs to your project.](/docs/5.3/components/modal/)
[LINK: Offcanvas Build and toggle hidden sidebars into any page.](/docs/5.3/components/offcanvas/)
[LINK: Popover Create custom overlays. Built on Popper.](/docs/5.3/components/popovers/)
[LINK: Scrollspy Automatically update active nav links based on page scroll.](/docs/5.3/components/scrollspy/)
[LINK: Tab Allow Bootstrap nav components to toggle contents.](/docs/5.3/components/navs-tabs/)
[LINK: Toast Show and hide notifications to your visitors.](/docs/5.3/components/toasts/)
[LINK: Tooltip Replace browser tooltips with custom ones. Built on Popper.](/docs/5.3/components/tooltips/)

## Personalize it with Bootstrap Icons

Bootstrap Icons is an open source SVG icon library featuring over 1,800 glyphs, with
      more added every release. They're designed to work in any project, whether you use Bootstrap itself or not. Use them
      as SVGs or icon fonts—both options give you vector scaling and easy customization via CSS.
Get Bootstrap Icons

--------------------