# Doppl
**URL:** https://labs.google/doppl
**Page Title:** Doppl
--------------------


## Doppl

## Doppl is an early experimental app from Google Labs that lets you try on any look and explore your style.

## Help Center

You'll need to be over 18, based in the U.S. and be logged in to your Google account. The Google Terms of Service and Prohibited Use Policy apply to your use of Doppl. To begin, provide a few details about your style preferences and choose 3 to 10 starter outfits to try something on right away. Next, upload a full body photo (of just you) to try on some looks. Check out our recommendations for choosing a photo in Tips for Great Results. If you don't have a photo handy, try one of the pre-made AI Models to get started. While your first looks are generated, check out the Discovery Feed in the Home tab for outfit inspiration. The feed will adapt to the clothing categories and outfits you chose during onboarding, as well as your browsing history on Doppl. You can also upload photos of outfits you would like to try on, or capture them in real-time using the plus icon. Check out recommendations for choosing an outfit photo in Tips for Great Results. Your looks, as well as any inspiration or products you save from your Discovery Feed, can be found in the Collections tab. Once you have a look you love, tap on the animate button to see your look in motion with a short video. Download or share your looks using the share button.
- You'll need to be over 18, based in the U.S. and be logged in to your Google account. The Google Terms of Service and Prohibited Use Policy apply to your use of Doppl.
- To begin, provide a few details about your style preferences and choose 3 to 10 starter outfits to try something on right away.
- Next, upload a full body photo (of just you) to try on some looks. Check out our recommendations for choosing a photo in Tips for Great Results. If you don't have a photo handy, try one of the pre-made AI Models to get started.
- While your first looks are generated, check out the Discovery Feed in the Home tab for outfit inspiration. The feed will adapt to the clothing categories and outfits you chose during onboarding, as well as your browsing history on Doppl.
- You can also upload photos of outfits you would like to try on, or capture them in real-time using the plus icon. Check out recommendations for choosing an outfit photo in Tips for Great Results.
- Your looks, as well as any inspiration or products you save from your Discovery Feed, can be found in the Collections tab. Once you have a look you love, tap on the animate button to see your look in motion with a short video. Download or share your looks using the share button.
While generated images can help you visualize how an item might look on you, they don't provide a representation of fit, suggest a size, or indicate availability. The nature of Generative AI means the output might include mistakes, such as errors in body shapes, personal features, or clothing details. If the original photo lacks certain information, the AI will attempt to fill in the missing details - for example, if you used a full-body photo of yourself in long pants and then virtually try on a dress, the AI will imagine what your legs might look like. This applies to the videos in the Discovery Feed as well as your own looks and animations. If you have comments or feedback, you can click the "Provide app feedback" link through the 3-dot menu on a look. Let us know what you think could have gone better - this will help us improve the product for you!
- While generated images can help you visualize how an item might look on you, they don't provide a representation of fit, suggest a size, or indicate availability.
- The nature of Generative AI means the output might include mistakes, such as errors in body shapes, personal features, or clothing details. If the original photo lacks certain information, the AI will attempt to fill in the missing details - for example, if you used a full-body photo of yourself in long pants and then virtually try on a dress, the AI will imagine what your legs might look like. This applies to the videos in the Discovery Feed as well as your own looks and animations.
- If you have comments or feedback, you can click the "Provide app feedback" link through the 3-dot menu on a look. Let us know what you think could have gone better - this will help us improve the product for you!
Categories: As of now, you can try on tops, bottoms, and dresses. We're actively working on expanding to other clothing types. Not Supported: Shoes, lingerie, bathing suits, and accessories are not currently supported for virtual try-on. Costumes as well as many traditional, religious, and cultural garments may not work particularly well yet. Sheer clothing and outfits that violate our Generative AI policies are also not supported. Imagined Items: Doppl might imagine parts of an outfit if there are missing elements. So if you provide an image of just a shirt, Doppl will generate an image that includes pants, shoes and accessories suited to the outfit. We're working on adding additional flexibility to give you even greater control. Default outfit: If one of the outfits you provide isn't supported, Doppl might generate a look of you in basic black T-shirt and pants.
- Categories: As of now, you can try on tops, bottoms, and dresses. We're actively working on expanding to other clothing types.
- Not Supported: Shoes, lingerie, bathing suits, and accessories are not currently supported for virtual try-on. Costumes as well as many traditional, religious, and cultural garments may not work particularly well yet. Sheer clothing and outfits that violate our Generative AI policies are also not supported.
- Imagined Items: Doppl might imagine parts of an outfit if there are missing elements. So if you provide an image of just a shirt, Doppl will generate an image that includes pants, shoes and accessories suited to the outfit. We're working on adding additional flexibility to give you even greater control.
- Default outfit: If one of the outfits you provide isn't supported, Doppl might generate a look of you in basic black T-shirt and pants.
Your experience on Doppl depends on the quality of the images you upload - both of yourself and the outfit. We recommend providing high-resolution images that are at least 512 x 1024 pixels. Here are some tips to get the best possible results: For images of yourself: Just you : Images showing multiple people or pets don't work well. All of you : Make sure the camera can see you from head to toe. The shape of you : Form-fitting clothes make it easier to accurately style your fits. Bright, even lighting : Natural light is best, avoiding harsh shadows and dark areas. Comfortable pose : Face the camera, stand confidently and strike a pose. No blockers : Don't let your phone get in the way of us seeing the real you. Clean up : Move anything you don't want to see in all of your looks. For images of outfits: One at a time : Don't include more than one outfit in your images. Full outfit : The entire outfit must be visible, so no folded clothes, please. Model posture : Best when worn by a model facing forward with arms down. Lay flat : Outfits shown on a hanger or laid flat work well too. Smooth it out : Outfits should be free of excessive folds or wrinkles. Show the details : Outfit details should not be hidden by hands, handbags, or accessories. Simple styling : Sleeves rolled down, hoodies back, tuck it in.
Your experience on Doppl depends on the quality of the images you upload - both of yourself and the outfit. We recommend providing high-resolution images that are at least 512 x 1024 pixels. Here are some tips to get the best possible results:
For images of yourself:
- Just you : Images showing multiple people or pets don't work well.
- All of you : Make sure the camera can see you from head to toe.
- The shape of you : Form-fitting clothes make it easier to accurately style your fits.
- Bright, even lighting : Natural light is best, avoiding harsh shadows and dark areas.
- Comfortable pose : Face the camera, stand confidently and strike a pose.
- No blockers : Don't let your phone get in the way of us seeing the real you.
- Clean up : Move anything you don't want to see in all of your looks.
For images of outfits:
- One at a time : Don't include more than one outfit in your images.
- Full outfit : The entire outfit must be visible, so no folded clothes, please.
- Model posture : Best when worn by a model facing forward with arms down.
- Lay flat : Outfits shown on a hanger or laid flat work well too.
- Smooth it out : Outfits should be free of excessive folds or wrinkles.
- Show the details : Outfit details should not be hidden by hands, handbags, or accessories.
- Simple styling : Sleeves rolled down, hoodies back, tuck it in.
Q: Where is Doppl available? We're working to bring our tools to as many people as possible. This feature is currently available within the U.S. for users aged 18 years or older. To use it, download the app from Google Play Store or the App Store , log in to your Google account, and set up your user profile. Q: I'm interested in trying this product but I'm not in the U.S. What can I do? We're excited to hear about your interest, and we will be rolling out Doppl to more countries in the future. Q: Is there a limit on generations? Each user has a limited number of generations to use within Doppl a month, and generation limits are automatically refreshed at the beginning of each month. There are also limits to the number of poses that can be used during video generation, though we're working to add more soon. In times of high demand, we may also need to temporarily limit the number of requests to keep things running smoothly. If this happens, please try again later or file feedback. Q: I keep seeing mistakes. What should I do? Doppl is an experiment, so generated images may include mistakes related to body shape, personal features, or clothing details. We continuously improve our systems and your feedback helps us understand where to focus. If you have comments or feedback about specific generated images, you can tap the "Give feedback" link at the bottom of the screen. Q: I'm getting an error message and having trouble generating looks We're working on making your experience as smooth as possible while being mindful of not generating unsafe content (see our policies here ). If you encounter cases where you feel we've mistakenly blocked a generation please submit feedback with details — it's very helpful to help us improve. Q: I can't find something that I previously bookmarked to save. Where did it go? If a merchant removes the original source image that your saved media was based on, that saved media will also be removed. Q: How does Doppl decide which outfits to show you? Doppl uses various signals to determine the order of outfits in your feed: Your style quiz Your activity in the app Q: Is this the same as Google Shopping Try On? The try it on feature on Google and Doppl both use our generative AI technology to help users understand how different outfits will look on them. Doppl is an experimental new app for shoppers to go even deeper with virtual styling, including the ability to try on outfits from personal photos and to create animated videos based on your favorite looks. Q: Can I share my looks images/videos? Yes! We encourage you to send your looks to your friends and family or post on social media - make sure to tag us @GoogleLabs on X or @Google on Instagram! Q: Will my looks contain a watermark? Yes, but it's not visible. Doppl uses SynthID to embed invisible digital watermarks directly into all outputs. Q: Can I delete my history? Absolutely. You can long-press to select and delete multiple images in your Looks tab on the bottom left, or individually delete looks and animations from the 3-dot menu. When you delete a look, it will be removed from your account and permanently deleted after 30 days. Q: Can I get a copy of my data? Yes. You can request a copy of your data by emailing doppl-data-export@google.com
Q: Where is Doppl available?
We're working to bring our tools to as many people as possible. This feature is currently available within the U.S. for users aged 18 years or older. To use it, download the app from Google Play Store or the App Store , log in to your Google account, and set up your user profile.
Q: I'm interested in trying this product but I'm not in the U.S. What can I do?
We're excited to hear about your interest, and we will be rolling out Doppl to more countries in the future.
Q: Is there a limit on generations?
Each user has a limited number of generations to use within Doppl a month, and generation limits are automatically refreshed at the beginning of each month. There are also limits to the number of poses that can be used during video generation, though we're working to add more soon. In times of high demand, we may also need to temporarily limit the number of requests to keep things running smoothly. If this happens, please try again later or file feedback.
Q: I keep seeing mistakes. What should I do?
Doppl is an experiment, so generated images may include mistakes related to body shape, personal features, or clothing details. We continuously improve our systems and your feedback helps us understand where to focus. If you have comments or feedback about specific generated images, you can tap the "Give feedback" link at the bottom of the screen.
Q: I'm getting an error message and having trouble generating looks
We're working on making your experience as smooth as possible while being mindful of not generating unsafe content (see our policies here ). If you encounter cases where you feel we've mistakenly blocked a generation please submit feedback with details — it's very helpful to help us improve.
Q: I can't find something that I previously bookmarked to save. Where did it go?
If a merchant removes the original source image that your saved media was based on, that saved media will also be removed.
Q: How does Doppl decide which outfits to show you?
Doppl uses various signals to determine the order of outfits in your feed:
- Your style quiz
- Your activity in the app
Q: Is this the same as Google Shopping Try On?
The try it on feature on Google and Doppl both use our generative AI technology to help users understand how different outfits will look on them. Doppl is an experimental new app for shoppers to go even deeper with virtual styling, including the ability to try on outfits from personal photos and to create animated videos based on your favorite looks.
Q: Can I share my looks images/videos?
Yes! We encourage you to send your looks to your friends and family or post on social media - make sure to tag us @GoogleLabs on X or @Google on Instagram!
Q: Will my looks contain a watermark?
Yes, but it's not visible. Doppl uses SynthID to embed invisible digital watermarks directly into all outputs.
Q: Can I delete my history?
Absolutely. You can long-press to select and delete multiple images in your Looks tab on the bottom left, or individually delete looks and animations from the 3-dot menu. When you delete a look, it will be removed from your account and permanently deleted after 30 days.
Q: Can I get a copy of my data?
Yes. You can request a copy of your data by emailing doppl-data-export@google.com

## Privacy Notice & Terms of Service

Your data and Doppl This notice and our Privacy Policy describe how Doppl handles your data. Please read them carefully. When you use Doppl, Google collects your uploads, generated output, related feature usage information, and your feedback. Google uses this data, consistent with our Privacy Policy , to provide, improve, and develop Google products and services and machine learning technologies. By default, Google stores your data indefinitely until you delete it. You can delete your data at any time by long-press selecting and deleting multiple images in the "Your Looks" tab on the bottom left, or individually delete looks and animations from the 3-dot menu. To help with quality and improve our products, human reviewers read, annotate, and process a sample of your data. We take steps to protect your privacy as part of this process. This includes disconnecting your uploads and tool outputs from your Google Account before reviewers see or annotate them. Please don't submit confidential information or any data you wouldn't want a reviewer to see or Google to use to improve our products, services, and machine-learning technologies. Configuring your settings If you want to use Doppl without your data being used to help with quality and improve our products, you can do so by selecting "Data preferences" in the main menu and toggling off "Product improvement." You can review or delete your data at any time by long-press selecting and deleting multiple images in your Looks tab on the bottom left, or individually delete looks and animations from the 3-dot menu. Even after you delete your data, it will be saved with your account for up to 30 days. This lets Google provide the service and process any feedback. This data won't appear in your "Your Looks" tab. Data that has been reviewed or annotated by human reviews (and or related data like your language or feedback) are not deleted when you delete your data or when you toggle off "Product Improvement" because it is kept separately and is not connected to your Google account. You can request for the removal of content under our policies or applicable laws. You can also export your information by emailing doppl-data-export@google.com. Things to know Doppl is an experimental technology that can make mistakes, so double check it. Fit, appearance and clothing details may not be accurate. You can give feedback by clicking the three dot menu and selecting "provide app feedback"or selecting "Send feedback" in the main menu.
Your data and Doppl
This notice and our Privacy Policy describe how Doppl handles your data. Please read them carefully.
When you use Doppl, Google collects your uploads, generated output, related feature usage information, and your feedback. Google uses this data, consistent with our Privacy Policy , to provide, improve, and develop Google products and services and machine learning technologies. By default, Google stores your data indefinitely until you delete it. You can delete your data at any time by long-press selecting and deleting multiple images in the "Your Looks" tab on the bottom left, or individually delete looks and animations from the 3-dot menu.
To help with quality and improve our products, human reviewers read, annotate, and process a sample of your data. We take steps to protect your privacy as part of this process. This includes disconnecting your uploads and tool outputs from your Google Account before reviewers see or annotate them. Please don't submit confidential information or any data you wouldn't want a reviewer to see or Google to use to improve our products, services, and machine-learning technologies.
Configuring your settings
If you want to use Doppl without your data being used to help with quality and improve our products, you can do so by selecting "Data preferences" in the main menu and toggling off "Product improvement."
You can review or delete your data at any time by long-press selecting and deleting multiple images in your Looks tab on the bottom left, or individually delete looks and animations from the 3-dot menu. Even after you delete your data, it will be saved with your account for up to 30 days. This lets Google provide the service and process any feedback. This data won't appear in your "Your Looks" tab.
Data that has been reviewed or annotated by human reviews (and or related data like your language or feedback) are not deleted when you delete your data or when you toggle off "Product Improvement" because it is kept separately and is not connected to your Google account.
You can request for the removal of content under our policies or applicable laws. You can also export your information by emailing doppl-data-export@google.com.
Things to know
- Doppl is an experimental technology that can make mistakes, so double check it. Fit, appearance and clothing details may not be accurate.
- You can give feedback by clicking the three dot menu and selecting "provide app feedback"or selecting "Send feedback" in the main menu.
Your use of Doppl is subject to the Google Terms of Service and the Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy.
Your use of Doppl is subject to the Google Terms of Service and the Generative AI Prohibited Use Policy.

## Download Doppl today

## *US-only. Pixel-only on Android for now.


--------------------