# Hola
**URL:** https://hola.org
**Page Title:** Hola | Fast, Secure, and Reliable Proxy Unblocker & VPN
--------------------

Extensions
Phone Apps
Desktop Apps
TV Apps
More Products
United States
United Kingdom
Mexico
Help Center
Troubleshooting
Report a Problem
About Hola
Blog
Media
Premium
- $1.49 / month best value $270.00 $53.77 billed every 3 years
- $3.84 / month $90.00 $46.13 billed every year
- $7.50 / month billed every month
VPN Locations
- Great Britain
- Mexico
- United States
Support
- Help center
- Troubleshooting
- Report a problem

## Access worldwide content

## Your gateway to your favorite movies, TV shows, games and more, no matter where you live!

## How it works

Start the installation process
Get the extension and pin it to your browser
So you can access any content
Go beyond your location!
Our mission is to make the internet truly borderless by helping you change your virtual location and getting you access to global content, no matter where you are!

## You'll love Hola !

Ultra-fast and stable  connection
Use across all your devices
24/7 Customer Support Center

## Don't just take our word for it

"UNBELIEVABLE!!! This works very well and it's very easy to install and use. Yes it is, it's great."
KandoKyoto
"Amazing used it to watch shows in other countries (one of the only free services to feature that many countries and countries like Japan)."
Hisjon
"This service is so far the best I've used, as every other services that needs money to keep working, this one lets you use a free version interrupting every some time giving a timer to keep using it free. Has a lot of countries."
Julbiot Gaming
"Easy to understand the UI, love it so far."
Руслан Газизов
"Whoever made this was really considerate of customer preference. Thanks a ton for this great service."
#codefire fire
"I have almost searched for every VPN on the Chrome web store, but every one of them has its limitations. But it is not the same with Hola. I have to say that this is the best service available on the Chrome web store. It is totally free, and you can connect to any country you like in the world for free with an amazingly good server connection speed. If you need a free service, I strongly recommend you going for Hola."
Akshin Sachdeva
"This is actually the best service that I've downloaded for browser, great work guys."
Mhamad Mstafa
"First time giving review to any Chrome Extension.  I Have just installed Hola approx. 5 minutes ago and I saw that here is too many location for free and the speed is really fast. Thanks @Hola"
Shozi License LLC
"Love this extension! Secure and easy to use."
Luchi Peroni
"Loved it!! Really good for watching movies that I cant watch from nz. I love how you can use it for free:)"
Elin Rush

### Start with our Free version

Because we believe in democratizing access to online content, our free and Premium versions accomplish exactly this, getting you Worldwide content, no matter where you are!

### But we’re pretty sure you’ll love our Premium version as well

For broader, faster, continuous HD access, on multiple devices and without contributing any of your resources to our network of peers, you can opt for our Premium version .

## Never miss another episode, movie, match or game!

We value your privacy
We recommend you accept all cookies for the optimal experience when using our website.
Hola uses cookies to optimize your experience
We use cookies because they are necessary for our website to function. We use other cookies to enhance your experience by providing insights on how you use our website. We recommend accepting all cookies to get the most value when using our website. You can learn more about each category of cookies by reading our Privacy Policy
Necessary cookies
Necessary cookies provide core functionality and are essential for the website to perform properly. They are enabled by default and cannot be disabled.
Personalization cookies
Personalization cookies help us customize the content you see on this website based on your usage.
Performance cookies
These cookies allow us to monitor and improve website performance.
Marketing cookies
These cookies increase the value of the campaigns and offers you receive by tailoring them to your specific needs.
- Hola products
- Browser extensions
- Phone apps
- Desktop apps
- TV apps
- Hola Browser
- More apps
- Support
- Help center
- Setup guides
- Troubleshooting
- Billing and payments
- Account support
- Policies & Press
- Privacy
- Terms
- DMCA Policy
- About Hola
- About us
- Blog
- Media
- Get in touch
- Contact Us
- Report Abuse
- Press Kit

--------------------