# https://www.weforum.org/publications/the-future-of-jobs-report-2025/
**URL:** https://www.weforum.org/publications/the-future-of-jobs-report-2025
**Page Title:** The Future of Jobs Report 2025 | World Economic Forum
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Dailymotion 1 Learn more about this provider usprivacy Detects whether the user has checked the Do Not Sell My Personal Information-button on the website. This feature is a part of the CCPA. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Kaltura 1 Learn more about this provider object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Loginradius 5 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage NASA 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie OneTrust 1 Learn more about this provider OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Parse.ly 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js_dtest This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Piano 3 Learn more about this provider _cookie_test [x3] This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage VWO 2 Learn more about this provider t.gif Ensures that product pictures are presented correctly on website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker nlsgd# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie World Economic Forum 10 Learn more about this provider ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie v1st Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Session Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fdis Identifies the logged in user. A unique session ID is linked to the user so that they are identified while navigating the website. The user is logged out when the session expires. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie followTopic Used to set topic preferences for unauthenticated visitors prior to authentication Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie localeSwitcherRemoved Indicates whether the user has dismissed the locale switcher Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie redirect_path Userd to handle internal page redirects Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie refresh_token_prod A token used to refresh a user's authenticated session upon access_token expriry Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie STICKY Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie adsensecustomsearchads.com youtube.com google.com 3 CONSENT [x3] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie api2.hcaptcha.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie assets.weforum.org consent.cookiebot.com 13 CookieConsent [x13] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie fonts.net hcaptcha.com livestream.com onesignal.com vimeo.com 5 __cf_bm [x5] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie nr-data.net www.linkedin.com 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie resourcewatch.org 4 __Host-next-auth.csrf-token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-next-auth.callback-url Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie connect.sid The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextauth.message Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage unpkg.com 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie weforum--c.documentforce.com 2 CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider 1.gif Used to count the number of sessions to the website, necessary for optimizing CMP product delivery. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Dailymotion 1 Learn more about this provider usprivacy Detects whether the user has checked the Do Not Sell My Personal Information-button on the website. This feature is a part of the CCPA. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 1 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Kaltura 1 Learn more about this provider object(#-#-##:#:#.#) Holds the users timezone. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 2 Learn more about this provider li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loginradius 5 Learn more about this provider _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage rc::d-15# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- NASA 1 Learn more about this provider cookietest This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- OneTrust 1 Learn more about this provider OptanonConsent Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Parse.ly 1 Learn more about this provider cookies.js_dtest This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Piano 3 Learn more about this provider _cookie_test [x3] This cookie determines whether the browser accepts cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa_enabled Determines the device used to access the website. This allows the website to be formatted accordingly. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- VWO 2 Learn more about this provider t.gif Ensures that product pictures are presented correctly on website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker nlsgd# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- World Economic Forum 10 Learn more about this provider ts This cookie is necessary for the PayPal login-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie v1st Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Session Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __mp_opt_in_out_# Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie fdis Identifies the logged in user. A unique session ID is linked to the user so that they are identified while navigating the website. The user is logged out when the session expires. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie followTopic Used to set topic preferences for unauthenticated visitors prior to authentication Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie localeSwitcherRemoved Indicates whether the user has dismissed the locale switcher Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie redirect_path Userd to handle internal page redirects Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie refresh_token_prod A token used to refresh a user's authenticated session upon access_token expriry Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie STICKY Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- adsensecustomsearchads.com youtube.com google.com 3 CONSENT [x3] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- api2.hcaptcha.com 1 __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- assets.weforum.org consent.cookiebot.com 13 CookieConsent [x13] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- fonts.net hcaptcha.com livestream.com onesignal.com vimeo.com 5 __cf_bm [x5] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
- nr-data.net www.linkedin.com 2 JSESSIONID [x2] Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- resourcewatch.org 4 __Host-next-auth.csrf-token Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-next-auth.callback-url Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie connect.sid The cookie is necessary for secure log-in and the detection of any spam or abuse of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie nextauth.message Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- unpkg.com 1 SESS# Preserves users states across page requests. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- weforum--c.documentforce.com 2 CookieConsentPolicy Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy Determines whether the user has accepted the cookie consent box. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 sc_anonymous_id Used in context with the 3D-view-function on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. Acast 1 Learn more about this provider AcastLang This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Sli.do 4 Learn more about this provider app.lastEventUuid Captures state of last user event on the app too ensure user flow states are maintained Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.localFeatureFlags Sets locale as per user preference on the browser Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.rememberedUser Maintains user state while using Sli.do app on the website Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.uiNewQuestions.readQuestionsIds Enables capture of new questions from users Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Tableau 2 Learn more about this provider tableau_locale The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tableau_public_negotiated_locale Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Weglot 1 Learn more about this provider wglang Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage World Economic Forum 9 Learn more about this provider jwplayerLocalId [x2] Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage i18next.translate.boo Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage i18nextLng [x2] Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage language Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage inlined_view_id This cookie is used in conjunction with the video player. The cookie remembers if the user has muted the volume and keeps this setting on other video content watched by the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dismissedCtaBanner Used to determine whether a visitor has dismissed a call to action Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dismissedNavPromo Used to determine whether a visitor has dismissed a call to action Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie www.climatewatchdata.org 5 ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#Ids Detects whether the user should be presented with a notification-bar upon entry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#NotificationClicked Used by the website to determine which support notifications the user has been shown. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#NotificationOpened Contains the widget state on whether it has been minimized or opened for internal statistics. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#NotificationReceived Used by the website to determine which support notifications the user has been shown. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#Sessions Used to maintain visitors' preferences throughout the visit and sub-pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Acast 1 Learn more about this provider AcastLang This cookie is used to determine the preferred language of the visitor and sets the language accordingly on the website, if possible. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsentBulkSetting-# Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTML Local Storage
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider lang Necessary for maintaining language-settings across subpages on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie lidc Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Sli.do 4 Learn more about this provider app.lastEventUuid Captures state of last user event on the app too ensure user flow states are maintained Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.localFeatureFlags Sets locale as per user preference on the browser Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.rememberedUser Maintains user state while using Sli.do app on the website Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.uiNewQuestions.readQuestionsIds Enables capture of new questions from users Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Tableau 2 Learn more about this provider tableau_locale The cookie determines the preferred language and country-setting of the visitor - This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tableau_public_negotiated_locale Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Vimeo 2 Learn more about this provider player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Weglot 1 Learn more about this provider wglang Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- World Economic Forum 9 Learn more about this provider jwplayerLocalId [x2] Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage i18next.translate.boo Used in context with the language setting on the website. Facilitates the translation into the preferred language of the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage i18nextLng [x2] Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage language Determines the preferred language of the visitor. Allows the website to set the preferred language upon the visitor's re-entry. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage inlined_view_id This cookie is used in conjunction with the video player. The cookie remembers if the user has muted the volume and keeps this setting on other video content watched by the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dismissedCtaBanner Used to determine whether a visitor has dismissed a call to action Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie dismissedNavPromo Used to determine whether a visitor has dismissed a call to action Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- www.climatewatchdata.org 5 ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#Ids Detects whether the user should be presented with a notification-bar upon entry on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#NotificationClicked Used by the website to determine which support notifications the user has been shown. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#NotificationOpened Contains the widget state on whether it has been minimized or opened for internal statistics. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#NotificationReceived Used by the website to determine which support notifications the user has been shown. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#Sessions Used to maintain visitors' preferences throughout the visit and sub-pages. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Performance cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. Alibaba.com 1 Learn more about this provider APLUS_LS_KEY Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Appcues 2 Learn more about this provider apc_local_id Used in context with the VR-content on website. Collects data on who, what and when the content has been viewed for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage apc_user Used in context with the VR-content on website. Collects data on who, what and when the content has been viewed for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Chartbeat 39 Learn more about this provider _cb [x6] Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _chartbeat2 [x6] Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _chartbeat4 [x21] Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _v__cb_cp [x2] Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _cb Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _cb_expires This cookie is used in context with HTML local storage, this sets an expiry date/time for the _cb tracker, which makes it function like a cookie. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _chartbeat4 This cookie determines whether the user is new or returning and if they are a visitor or administrator/website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _cbt Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 104 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. __utma [x5] Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie __utmb [x5] Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __utmc [x5] Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __utmv [x5] Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __utmz [x5] Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie _ga [x25] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x18] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gid [x21] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gat [x6] Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __utmd [x2] This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __utm.gif Google Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __utmt [x2] Used to throttle the speed of requests to the server. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __gsas Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __utmli Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie OECD 1 Learn more about this provider context_history Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Parse.ly 3 Learn more about this provider _parsely_session This cookie is used to collect data on visitor behavior on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _parsely_visitor This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie parsely_uuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Piano 2 Learn more about this provider atuserid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pa_user Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Quantcast 5 Learn more about this provider __qca Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _dlt [x2] Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __qca Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage qcSes Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Sli.do 4 Learn more about this provider _persistenceTest [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Slido.EventAuthTokens [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Taobao.com 2 Learn more about this provider x5secdata Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie xlly_s Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie VWO 9 Learn more about this provider _vwo_nlsCache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analyze This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/s.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/v.gif This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker l.gif This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _vis_opt_exp_#_combi Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_referrer Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie World Economic Forum 11 Learn more about this provider _cb_svref Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _cb_svref_expires This cookie is used in context with HTML local storage, this sets an expiry date/time for the _cb_sverf, which makes it function like a cookie. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage APLUS_CNA Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dmvk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie createDate Contains the expiry date for other cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _vis_opt_s Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_ds Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_sn Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie dev.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com weforum.org 5 _vwo_uuid_v2 [x5] This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage intelligence.weforum.org visualwebsiteoptimizer.com 2 vwoSn [x2] This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage livestream.com f.vimeocdn.com 2 vuid [x2] Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie public.powrcdn.com 3 ahoy_unique_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ahoy_visit Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ahoy_visitor Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie weforum--c.documentforce.com 1 BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Alibaba.com 1 Learn more about this provider APLUS_LS_KEY Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Appcues 2 Learn more about this provider apc_local_id Used in context with the VR-content on website. Collects data on who, what and when the content has been viewed for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage apc_user Used in context with the VR-content on website. Collects data on who, what and when the content has been viewed for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Chartbeat 39 Learn more about this provider _cb [x6] Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _chartbeat2 [x6] Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _chartbeat4 [x21] Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _v__cb_cp [x2] Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _cb Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _cb_expires This cookie is used in context with HTML local storage, this sets an expiry date/time for the _cb tracker, which makes it function like a cookie. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _chartbeat4 This cookie determines whether the user is new or returning and if they are a visitor or administrator/website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _cbt Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 104 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. __utma [x5] Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie __utmb [x5] Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __utmc [x5] Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __utmv [x5] Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __utmz [x5] Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie _ga [x25] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _ga_# [x18] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie _gid [x21] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _gat [x6] Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __utmd [x2] This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __utm.gif Google Analytics Tracking Code that logs details about the visitor's browser and computer. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __utmt [x2] Used to throttle the speed of requests to the server. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __gsas Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __utmli Collects statistics on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- LinkedIn 1 Learn more about this provider AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- OECD 1 Learn more about this provider context_history Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Parse.ly 3 Learn more about this provider _parsely_session This cookie is used to collect data on visitor behavior on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _parsely_visitor This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie parsely_uuid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Piano 2 Learn more about this provider atuserid Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie pa_user Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Quantcast 5 Learn more about this provider __qca Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie _dlt [x2] Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie __qca Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage qcSes Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Sli.do 4 Learn more about this provider _persistenceTest [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Slido.EventAuthTokens [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Solarwinds 1 Learn more about this provider pa Registers the website's speed and performance. This function can be used in context with statistics and load-balancing. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Taobao.com 2 Learn more about this provider x5secdata Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie xlly_s Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- VWO 9 Learn more about this provider _vwo_nlsCache Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage analyze This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/s.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker eu01/v.gif This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker l.gif This cookie is used by the website’s operator in context with multi-variate testing. This is a tool used to combine or change content on the website. This allows the website to find the best variation/edition of the site. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker v.gif This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vwo_apm_sent Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _vis_opt_exp_#_combi Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_referrer Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- World Economic Forum 11 Learn more about this provider _cb_svref Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _cb_svref_expires This cookie is used in context with HTML local storage, this sets an expiry date/time for the _cb_sverf, which makes it function like a cookie. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage APLUS_CNA Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage dmvk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie createDate Contains the expiry date for other cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage NRBA_SESSION Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _vis_opt_s Used by Visual Website Optimizer to determine if the visitor is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 100 days Type : HTTP Cookie _vis_opt_test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_ds Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 months Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_sn Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie _vwo_uuid Used by Visual Website Optimizer to ensure that the same user interface variant is displayed for each visit, if the user is participating in a design experiment. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- dev.visualwebsiteoptimizer.com weforum.org 5 _vwo_uuid_v2 [x5] This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- embed-cdn.spotifycdn.com 1 sentryReplaySession Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- intelligence.weforum.org visualwebsiteoptimizer.com 2 vwoSn [x2] This cookie is set to make split-tests on the website, which optimizes the website's relevance towards the visitor – the cookie can also be set to improve the visitor's experience on a website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- livestream.com f.vimeocdn.com 2 vuid [x2] Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- public.powrcdn.com 3 ahoy_unique_# Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ahoy_visit Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie ahoy_visitor Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- weforum--c.documentforce.com 1 BrowserId Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device for return visits. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 number(#) Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. Alibaba.com 5 Learn more about this provider atpsida Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits. Used for conversion tracking and to measure the efficacy of online ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sca Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tfstk [x2] Necessary for the implementation of video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie isg Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie Baidu 4 Learn more about this provider HMACCOUNT_BFESS Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_ck_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Chartbeat 13 Learn more about this provider ping Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _cb_svref [x6] This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _chartbeat2 Used by the web analytics company Chartbeat to register whether the user has visited the website before. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _chartbeat2_expires Used by the web analytics company Chartbeat to register whether the user has visited the website before. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _chartbeat4_expires Used by the web analytics company Chartbeat to register whether the user has visited the website before. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _v__chartbeat3 Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _v__chartbeat3_expires Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _v__chartbeat3 Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Dailymotion 1 Learn more about this provider _TEST_ Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Google 12 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au [x5] Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage GoogleAdServingTest Used to register what ads have been displayed to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie Iqiyi.com 3 Learn more about this provider Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HMACCOUNT Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 14 years Type : HTTP Cookie LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie Loginradius 1 Learn more about this provider rc::f Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider dpr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Parse.ly 1 Learn more about this provider undefined(undefined) Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Piano 1 Learn more about this provider _pprv Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie Quantcast 1 Learn more about this provider mc Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as what pages have been loaded. The registered data is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie ScorecardResearch 1 Learn more about this provider UID Collects information of the user and his/her movement, such as timestamp for visits, most recently loaded pages and IP address. The data is used by the marketing research network, Scorecard Research, to analyse traffic patterns and carry out surveys to help their clients better understand the customer's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Sli.do 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION_ID Collects user data through quiz/survey-like content. This allows the website to promote relevant products or services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Twitter Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker RichHistory Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage UserReport 1 Learn more about this provider apr_dsu Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage VWO 1 Learn more about this provider s.gif Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker World Economic Forum 16 Learn more about this provider __mpq_#_# [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mp_#_mixpanel [x7] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie client_token Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage expires_in Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage token_type Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giphyPingbackId Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage TabId Collects data on visitors' behaviour and interaction - This is used to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage nWC1Uzs7EI Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage YouTube 26 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Youku.com 14 Learn more about this provider __arpvid [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __ayft [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __aypstp [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __ayscnt [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __aysid [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 days Type : HTTP Cookie __ayspstp [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 days Type : HTTP Cookie __ysuid [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie mmstat.com youku.com 2 cna [x2] Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie widget.sndcdn.com 1 WIDGET::local::assignments Used by audio-platform SoundCloud to implement, measure and improve their embedded content/service on the website - The collection of data also includes visitors’ interaction with embedded content/service. This can be used for statistics or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.climatewatchdata.org 1 ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#Options Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Alibaba.com 5 Learn more about this provider atpsida Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits. Used for conversion tracking and to measure the efficacy of online ads. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie sca Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie tfstk [x2] Necessary for the implementation of video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie isg Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Baidu 4 Learn more about this provider HMACCOUNT_BFESS Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_ck_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Chartbeat 13 Learn more about this provider ping Collects data such as visitors' IP address, geographical location and website navigation - This information is used for internal optimization and statistics for the website's operator. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker _cb_svref [x6] This cookie is used to collect information on a visitor. This information will become an ID string with information on a specific visitor – ID information strings can be used to target groups with similar preferences, or can be used by third-party domains or ad-exchanges. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _chartbeat2 Used by the web analytics company Chartbeat to register whether the user has visited the website before. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _chartbeat2_expires Used by the web analytics company Chartbeat to register whether the user has visited the website before. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _chartbeat4_expires Used by the web analytics company Chartbeat to register whether the user has visited the website before. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _v__chartbeat3 Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _v__chartbeat3_expires Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage _v__chartbeat3 Contains data on user navigation, interaction and time spent on the website and its sub-pages. This data is used to optimise the relevance of advertisements and for statistical purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Dailymotion 1 Learn more about this provider _TEST_ Collects data on visitor interaction with the website's video-content. This data is used to make the website's video-content more relevant towards the visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Google 12 Learn more about this provider Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness. _gcl_au [x5] Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker NID Registers a unique ID that identifies a returning user's device. The ID is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 6 months Type : HTTP Cookie _gcl_ls Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage GoogleAdServingTest Used to register what ads have been displayed to the user. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie
Some of the data collected by this provider is for the purposes of personalization and measuring advertising effectiveness.
- Iqiyi.com 3 Learn more about this provider Hm_lpvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage Hm_lvt_# Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage HMACCOUNT Used to send data to Baidu about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Maximum Storage Duration : 14 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- LinkedIn 3 Learn more about this provider bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 3 months Type : HTTP Cookie UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : 30 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Loginradius 1 Learn more about this provider rc::f Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Meta Platforms, Inc. 1 Learn more about this provider dpr Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Parse.ly 1 Learn more about this provider undefined(undefined) Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Piano 1 Learn more about this provider _pprv Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- Quantcast 1 Learn more about this provider mc Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as what pages have been loaded. The registered data is used for targeted ads. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie
- ScorecardResearch 1 Learn more about this provider UID Collects information of the user and his/her movement, such as timestamp for visits, most recently loaded pages and IP address. The data is used by the marketing research network, Scorecard Research, to analyse traffic patterns and carry out surveys to help their clients better understand the customer's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : 400 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- Sli.do 1 Learn more about this provider NRBA_SESSION_ID Collects user data through quiz/survey-like content. This allows the website to promote relevant products or services. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Spotify 2 Learn more about this provider sp_landing Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie sp_t Used to implement audio-content from Spotify on the website. Can also be used to register user interaction and preferences in context with audio-content - This can serve statistics and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Twitter Inc. 4 Learn more about this provider guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. Maximum Storage Duration : 13 months Type : HTTP Cookie i/jot Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker RichHistory Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- UserReport 1 Learn more about this provider apr_dsu Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- VWO 1 Learn more about this provider s.gif Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- World Economic Forum 16 Learn more about this provider __mpq_#_# [x3] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mp_#_mixpanel [x7] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie client_token Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage expires_in Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage token_type Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage giphyPingbackId Used to track the visitor's usage of GIFs - This serves for analytical and marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage TabId Collects data on visitors' behaviour and interaction - This is used to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage nWC1Uzs7EI Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- YouTube 26 Learn more about this provider __Secure-ROLLOUT_TOKEN Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YEC Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __Secure-YNID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-icons-last-purged Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-player-user-settings Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Youku.com 14 Learn more about this provider __arpvid [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __ayft [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __aypstp [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __ayscnt [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie __aysid [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 days Type : HTTP Cookie __ayspstp [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 days Type : HTTP Cookie __ysuid [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- mmstat.com youku.com 2 cna [x2] Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- widget.sndcdn.com 1 WIDGET::local::assignments Used by audio-platform SoundCloud to implement, measure and improve their embedded content/service on the website - The collection of data also includes visitors’ interaction with embedded content/service. This can be used for statistics or marketing purposes. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.climatewatchdata.org 1 ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#Options Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. Alibaba.com 3 Learn more about this provider APLUS_S_CORE_0.#.#_#_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ETLCD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage syfhs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Flourish 1 Learn more about this provider inbound_fields Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Infogram 1 Learn more about this provider ig_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Iqiyi.com 20 Learn more about this provider __dfp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 years Type : HTTP Cookie nu Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC005 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 90 years Type : HTTP Cookie QC006 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie QC007 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC008 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie QC010 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC142 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie QC173 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 90 years Type : HTTP Cookie QC175 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie QC176 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie QC181 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC191 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QP001 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie TQC002 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TQC030 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 90 years Type : HTTP Cookie jpb.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __dfp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __uuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie QCUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie Parse.ly 1 Learn more about this provider (unnamed) Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie Sli.do 2 Learn more about this provider app.lastEventClusterId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.uiApp.preferredLightness Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage Tableau 7 Learn more about this provider hid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie vizql/tilecache/2AD690315E2B491CB996CEFC307B7CC5-0:0/9100/e426fddbdcb8397cde4f7ef374ff4939ed6d5b76c01f8b3219b3dccf437fe90a/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/4E257C97EA9F4FA2874077B5B5BAACC8-0:0/9100/25e14ec62c79cf2030f5341ac8a67f381f833f5aae04da276b1e2fbf4ebeb870/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/64DE970B71134DB28A6807B727B2D0BD-0:0/9100/bdf270669a8a7861c639959e16c559c4b31cf120e8035ef851ca05bfc42cb22d/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/6CDB6B567955433EBE9470AFD1F915C9-0:0/9100/446907240744aadeffc12afff7304a2bc57b976776cf9d60004a4fa0f918f0fb/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/6FFEB792861149A58846634E53B54345-0:0/9100/a4d0ffbfe231a4e8e6fcdc56ff839f4776f5724451654b7ab090e43914aaf09e/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/DF1911B661914F7AA202B2339F68B406-0:0/9100/c4ccd7fef97e7e4f279cb9f3ff2b784d19a468c0f489163181719772e7f57601/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Taobao.com 1 Learn more about this provider ts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker Weglot 2 Learn more about this provider wg-search-form Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie BROWNIE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie World Economic Forum 38 Learn more about this provider __mplss_0123wxyz [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage APLUS_CNA_EXPIRES Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_6232aeb08818ee1161204a011ed8ad16 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_6232aeb08818ee1161204a011ed8ad16 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mpDistinctId [x6] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie unauthorized-attempt-location Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _cms_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _web_session [x5] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gtm_session_start [x4] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie @@History/@@scroll|/ifr/GivingTheseAntarcticgiantpetrel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage scope Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _vwo_593726_config Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage DISMISSED_INCIDENTS_STORAGE_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_f4d86822e03d4cdbe172d6fb8d969963 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_f4d86822e03d4cdbe172d6fb8d969963 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage permissions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage terms Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage vizql/tilecache/72172A742471438AAD292582478041B4-0:0/9100/ed4028854b7d165f474e0d0dd02ab16f29c8aaa08537cbc7ddab6f94b94f245e/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/CC2DBBDB7AC2480DB4573B2B39884295-0:0/9100/813f9330154de8a07635d992862071f260d7a258ec4fba66c65e0721ec25ba05/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker 8F1sb/pixel.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker client_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie intelligence.weforum.org visualwebsiteoptimizer.com 2 _vwo_nls_q_# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage oecdtv.webtv-solution.com 2 uepUserID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie userid_player Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie resourcewatch.org 2 mapbox.eventData.uuid:cmVzb3VyY2V3YXRjaA== Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mapbox.eventData:cmVzb3VyY2V3YXRjaA== Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage stc.iqiyipic.com 9 QC204 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC205 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC206 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC207 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC208 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC213 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC215 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC216 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC217 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie wef-prod.earthtime.org 1 gaClientId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage www.climatewatchdata.org 3 _climate_watch_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _passenger_route Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#SentUniqueOutcome Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
- Alibaba.com 3 Learn more about this provider APLUS_S_CORE_0.#.#_#_# Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage ETLCD Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage syfhs Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Flourish 1 Learn more about this provider inbound_fields Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Infogram 1 Learn more about this provider ig_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Iqiyi.com 20 Learn more about this provider __dfp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 years Type : HTTP Cookie nu Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC005 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 90 years Type : HTTP Cookie QC006 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie QC007 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC008 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie QC010 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC142 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie QC173 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 90 years Type : HTTP Cookie QC175 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 3 days Type : HTTP Cookie QC176 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie QC181 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC191 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QP001 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie TQC002 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TQC030 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 90 years Type : HTTP Cookie jpb.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker __dfp Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage __uuid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie QCUser Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- Parse.ly 1 Learn more about this provider (unnamed) Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- Sli.do 2 Learn more about this provider app.lastEventClusterId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage app.redux.uiApp.preferredLightness Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- Tableau 7 Learn more about this provider hid Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie vizql/tilecache/2AD690315E2B491CB996CEFC307B7CC5-0:0/9100/e426fddbdcb8397cde4f7ef374ff4939ed6d5b76c01f8b3219b3dccf437fe90a/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/4E257C97EA9F4FA2874077B5B5BAACC8-0:0/9100/25e14ec62c79cf2030f5341ac8a67f381f833f5aae04da276b1e2fbf4ebeb870/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/64DE970B71134DB28A6807B727B2D0BD-0:0/9100/bdf270669a8a7861c639959e16c559c4b31cf120e8035ef851ca05bfc42cb22d/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/6CDB6B567955433EBE9470AFD1F915C9-0:0/9100/446907240744aadeffc12afff7304a2bc57b976776cf9d60004a4fa0f918f0fb/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/6FFEB792861149A58846634E53B54345-0:0/9100/a4d0ffbfe231a4e8e6fcdc56ff839f4776f5724451654b7ab090e43914aaf09e/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/DF1911B661914F7AA202B2339F68B406-0:0/9100/c4ccd7fef97e7e4f279cb9f3ff2b784d19a468c0f489163181719772e7f57601/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Taobao.com 1 Learn more about this provider ts Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker
- Weglot 2 Learn more about this provider wg-search-form Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie BROWNIE Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 7 days Type : HTTP Cookie
- World Economic Forum 38 Learn more about this provider __mplss_0123wxyz [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage APLUS_CNA_EXPIRES Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingEvents [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mixpanelBrowserDb#mixpanelRecordingRegistry [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_6232aeb08818ee1161204a011ed8ad16 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_6232aeb08818ee1161204a011ed8ad16 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mpDistinctId [x6] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie unauthorized-attempt-location Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _cms_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _web_session [x5] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie gtm_session_start [x4] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie @@History/@@scroll|/ifr/GivingTheseAntarcticgiantpetrel Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage scope Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage _vwo_593726_config Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage DISMISSED_INCIDENTS_STORAGE_KEY Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mp_gen_new_tab_id_mixpanel_f4d86822e03d4cdbe172d6fb8d969963 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage mp_tab_id_mixpanel_f4d86822e03d4cdbe172d6fb8d969963 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage permissions Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage terms Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage vizql/tilecache/72172A742471438AAD292582478041B4-0:0/9100/ed4028854b7d165f474e0d0dd02ab16f29c8aaa08537cbc7ddab6f94b94f245e/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker vizql/tilecache/CC2DBBDB7AC2480DB4573B2B39884295-0:0/9100/813f9330154de8a07635d992862071f260d7a258ec4fba66c65e0721ec25ba05/views.14942431371534707517_10278295002524955128.viz.0.0.png Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker 8F1sb/pixel.gif Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : Pixel Tracker client_session_id Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- intelligence.weforum.org visualwebsiteoptimizer.com 2 _vwo_nls_q_# [x2] Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- oecdtv.webtv-solution.com 2 uepUserID Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie userid_player Pending Maximum Storage Duration : 10 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- resourcewatch.org 2 mapbox.eventData.uuid:cmVzb3VyY2V3YXRjaA== Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage mapbox.eventData:cmVzb3VyY2V3YXRjaA== Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- stc.iqiyipic.com 9 QC204 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC205 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC206 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC207 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC208 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC213 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC215 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC216 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie QC217 Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie
- wef-prod.earthtime.org 1 gaClientId Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage
- www.climatewatchdata.org 3 _climate_watch_session Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie _passenger_route Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie ONE_SIGNAL_SDK_DB#SentUniqueOutcome Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB
The World Economic Forum (“Forum”) uses necessary cookies to make our site work. We would also like to set optional “performance” cookies to gather anonymous site visitation data for internal use and we use "marketing" cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. By enabling these cookies, you can help the Forum provide a better website for users like yourself. For more information about the Forum cookies and third-party cookies, see our Cookie Declaration .
Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission.
You can change your preferences at any time or withdraw your consent by clicking on “Change your consent” on the Cookie Declaration page.
Remove menu

--------------------