# ITP
**URL:** http://itp.nyu.edu
**Page Title:** ITP – The Center for the Recently Possible
--------------------

What I Can Remember Leia Chang View Project →
Absurd Sonny Yan View Project →
Egg Rescue Alan Winslow View Project →

## The Center for the Recently Possible

ITP’s mission is to explore the imaginative use of communications technologies .
We don’t focus on just teaching technical skills. Instead, we focus on critical thinking, creative exploration, and the ability to learn how to learn. We embrace failure — as long as you learn from it.
ITP is sometimes described as an art school for engineers and at the same time an engineering school for artists. Perhaps the best way to describe us is as a Center for the Recently Possible .
The graduate application for the Fall 2026 cycle is now closed. If you wish to be considered for a late application for our waiting list, please email midori.yasuda@nyu.edu for permission.
→ Application Requirements → Financial Aid → FAQ → Visit Us → Open Houses

## Curriculum

ITP is a two-year program of full-time study leading to a Master of Professional Studies (M.P.S.) degree. From the practical to the experimental, we are pushing the boundaries of interactivity.
Here is a selection of courses, both past and present. Read more about the curriculum .
For NYU non-majors wanting to take ITP classes, please check the policy here .
To propose a course please submit this form .
[LINK: please submit this form](https://docs.google.com/a/nyu.edu/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSejdtfoFY2NmGPJWioqLGxCnbGYdSocO4j8DKz125cD_ZUIMw/viewform)
As game and interaction designers we create systems and choices that can either prey upon our psychological foibles or help us avoid decision pitfalls. It is our responsibility to understand how we decide, to consider the ethics of the systems we create and to practice designing systems in a purposeful manner.
How could we reimagine and expand our interactions and relationships with voice-enabled devices? Artificially synthesized voice introduced personal devices beyond push buttons, twisting and swiping.
In this experimental seven week seminar/studio, we’ll explore media meant to be experienced from a first person point of view (ie, training simulations, found footage horror, first person shooters, Go Pro videos, VR).
Lo-fi/Low-impact is a hands-on workshop for learning rapid response prototyping and distribution techniques. We’ll look at examples of zine makers and artist and activist collectives, like the Guerrilla Girls, Dysturb, and The Illuminator, who create campaigns and interventions with purposeful urgency, and then flex our own creative muscles for getting ideas out of our heads and into our hands.
This course will serve as an incubator to imagine a speculative product advertisement in the year 2030. In films like Blade Runner, or Her adverts fill the world and become an important aspect of exposition for the film. And in the real world, works such as Alisha Wormlsey, Alexandra Bell, and Hank Willis Thomas begin to re-imagine advertisements as an art practice in society today.
This course covers the next several years of evolution in technology, culture, and other trends. It uses scenario planning, a technique for considering complex interrelationships that can’t be predicted, distinguishing predetermined elements from critical uncertainties, and exploring the underlying patterns that influence events.
Auto Fictions is a studio class focusing on the creation of immersive, multi-path and interactive experiences based on personal narrative. Documentary art has included the art of installation for decades, but new technologies have given artists affordable tools that allow them to rapidly prototype and then refine immersive media experiences.
If social change begins in the imagination, how then can creators better envision and render the more just and beautiful worlds we want to make? Storytelling has the power to be an alchemical force for revolutionary change. Together, we seek to interrogate and apply interactive storytelling as a technology we can deploy in service of our collective liberation.
Listening is not something we do through hearing alone. Engaging with multiple perspectives, from Deaf studies and critiques of ableist hearing ideologies, to the possibilities and pitfalls presented through machine listening and imaginative sonic speculation, we will playfully deconstruct and question what it means to listen at all.
In even the tiniest fragment of digital sound (especially music) there lies a multiplicity of information hidden within. Using audio analysis techniques, this data can be distilled into a vast array of characteristics that describe various different features of the sound. These include things like the loudness, pitch, or the spectrum of frequencies being detected.
A course where we will follow the computer rendering pipeline, and understand how shapes and images end up on our screens. The course will cover different steps of the process, but will focus primarily on shaders and how they can be used to program the graphics card and render out visuals.
Portfolio websites serve as an important medium for artists to present their works. But beyond its aesthetic purpose, building it from scratch can also be a good resource to understand the core concepts of modern javascript frameworks.
Light Emitting Diodes or LEDs are used creatively all around us. They have the ability to emit light at different colors and intensities instantly and from very tiny points. How can we make creative visual works out of these amazing devices? What construction methods can we use to make those works reliable?
“I want to be famous!” For a decade, this has been the most common response to the question “What do you want to be when you grow up?” Influencers, TV stars, D-listers – the media has exploded with celebrities who could not have existed even 20 years ago. But who actually gets to be famous?

## The Floor

Check out our 360 degree walk through of the department and student-run labs at 370 Jay Street.
The Equipment Room is stocked with laptops, photography equipment, and an assortment of cables for all needs. This includes but is not limited to, HDMI, USB converters, Apple and Windows chargers. This is all on a checkout basis through staff working at the ER.
The Coding Lab is a student-run help desk where NYU students can get help with their code. The students in the lab have experience with software such as HTML, CSS, Javascript, C++ and Python. It also uses software like Unreal, Unity and Blender
The shop is equipped with 3 Ultimaker S3 3D printers, 2 Epilog Mini laser cutters, as well as one Epilog Pro. There is also a full wood fabrication shop with machines such as 4 Axis CNCs and Bandsaws. As well as a soft lab for sewing and embroidery, and a soldering area.
The Design Lab is a student and resident-run organization at ITP/IMA where students can get help with all design-related needs, including traditional graphic design and related practices (UX/UI, product design), as well as fabrication (including vinyl and UV printing services), and project development. Design Lab staff’s primary focus is to support students through 1:1 help […]
The Hyper Lab is a set of small spaces and computers that can be reserved for XR experimentation, project development which requires significant GPU-usage, and trying out VR experiences. The Hyper Lab is made up of four spaces, each with their own usage, equipment, reservation links, and community expectations. They include a Standing and sitting […]
The Documentation Lab is a fully stocked, student-run client service for ITP/IMA student. Our team of mentors are available by appointment to help you present your project in the best possible light. If you’re interested in documenting your project, please take a few minutes and fill out our Doc Lab Intake Form. Once you’ve submitted […]

## People

ITP was founded and established almost 50 years ago by Red Burns. Since 1983 and until 2010 ITP was chaired by Burns, a renowned technology pioneer, filmmaker, activist, educator. Read more about Red .
View Faculty →
View Admin & Staff  →
View Residents  →
View Fellows  →

## News

ITP and IMA make headlines! Read all about students, faculty and alumni accomplishments in the news.
“Perimeter” was shown at All Street Gallery from November 14-20th.
Spirit Faith Grace Rage is Marilyn’s first solo exhibition in Europe.
The book developed through the Afrotectopia incubator in partnership with ITP and MIT’s Space Exploration Initiative has been turned into an exhibition, now on view at the Montclair State University Gallery through December 14, 2025.
“Lamp Hat” is a timeless fashion accessory. It not only looks cool but also helps with social anxiety and sensory overload.
ITP/IMA faculty Tom Igoe and ITP student B Wu traveled to Light Symposium, in Wismar, Germany to present their research on spectral sensing tools and their usability/accessibility for lighting designers and design students.
Sophia Collender (ITP ’26) is looking at payment interoperability through the lens of mass transit, and her paper will be featured in the 2025 Interledger Summit in Mexico City.
“Histolysis” by ITP Alums Tiri Kananuruk & Sebastián Morales featured in the NY Latin American Art Triennial as part of the exhibition Smart Cities.
Blair Simmons is featured in an upcoming exhibition at the BPL.
Aneesa Julmice, IMA alum, is featured in an upcoming exhibition in Brooklyn.
How To Get To Zero investigates the climate crisis through social critique and participatory art, spotlighting themes like economic corruption, surveillance, and data manipulation.
XOX, the new art-toy by ITP alum Ralph Borland, is a modular construction toy for building your own sculptures at home, part executive toy, fidget gadget, stress reliever and pop artwork.
The Synthetic Narratives Symposium will feature ITP alum Micaelle Lages for her research in collaboration with Professor Isabella Valle (UFPB), titled ” albums to synthetic memories: gender, dissidences and visibilities”
Cristóbal Valenzuela, ITP alum and founder of Runway, was featured on the Time100 Next list.
Toolish Behavior, the exhibition currently on view at the Clive Davis Gallery, was featured in Whitehot Magazine of Contemporary Art. The exhibition is on view until October 24th at 370 Jay Street.
viola he, Lita Vinueza , Rena Anakwe were announced as members of NEW INC’s Twelfth New Member Cohort
PASEO 2025 will feature work from ITP Alums Mary Mark (’24), Xiaotian Zhang (’24), Jess Shen (’24) and John Luo (’25).

## Events

The Tisch ITP/IMA space hosts many activities, guest speakers and recruitment events by leading tech companies and design firms. Our busy schedule includes lectures, workshops, exhibitions, tournaments, and hackathons.
Applications for Summer 2026 is open with a secondary deadline of January 15, 2026.
The graduate application for the Fall 2026 cycle is open! We are offering a secondary deadline to apply by January 9th, 2026.
ITP Camp is a playground, a lab, and a classroom for creative and techy people who want to shake things up. Every June in New York City, we invite makers, artists, musicians, programmers, fabricators, and creatives of all sorts to join the ITP community to make stuff, hear speakers on the cutting edge, and collaborate with people from diverse disciplines.
Festival of the recently possible.
Please join us to learn more about IMA at one of our upcoming information sessions in Fall 2025.
Please join us to learn more about IMA at one of our upcoming information sessions in Fall 2025.
Interested in graduate studies in interactive media through a global and hybrid format? Learn all about what IMA Low Res at NYU has to offer!
At the open house information sessions, Midori Yasuda, ITP’s Admissions Director, will explain how ITP attracts students from very diverse backgrounds who want to experiment with interactivity, creativity and technology in the real and digital worlds.
At the open house information sessions, Midori Yasuda, ITP’s Admissions Director, will explain how ITP attracts students from very diverse backgrounds who want to experiment with interactivity, creativity and technology in the real and digital worlds.
At the open house information sessions, Midori Yasuda, ITP’s Admissions Director, will explain how ITP attracts students from very diverse backgrounds who want to experiment with interactivity, creativity and technology in the real and digital worlds.
At the open house information sessions, Midori Yasuda, ITP’s Admissions Director, will explain how ITP attracts students from very diverse backgrounds who want to experiment with interactivity, creativity and technology in the real and digital worlds.
Please join us to learn more about IMA at one of our upcoming information sessions in Fall 2025.
Please join us to learn more about IMA at one of our upcoming information sessions in Fall 2025.
At the open house information sessions, Midori Yasuda, ITP’s Admissions Director, will explain how ITP attracts students from very diverse backgrounds who want to experiment with interactivity, creativity and technology in the real and digital worlds.
At the open house information sessions, Midori Yasuda, ITP’s Admissions Director, will explain how ITP attracts students from very diverse backgrounds who want to experiment with interactivity, creativity and technology in the real and digital worlds.
Come see music, live coding, DIY interfaces, experimental technology, and more!

--------------------