# [link]
**URL:** https://tams.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/research/datasets/index.php
**Page Title:** Arbeitsbereich Technische Aspekte Multimodaler Systeme
--------------------

- Cleardepth_dataset
- Observe_transparent_objects

## Datasets

This page provides datasets from robotic experiments our group worked with. We report the paper(s) that use the respective datasets. You may freely use the data, but you are required to cite the corresponding paper where the dataset is originally introduced.
Where datasets are based on publicly available datasets by other researchers, we redirect to their page. If you're using data from these authors, you may cite their paper. For such datasets, some pre-processing may have been made in order to be employed with our algorithms. In this case, if you used the modified dataset, please cite both our paper and their original paper.
Our datasets are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 Unported License. The datasets are distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

## ClearDepth: Enhanced Stereo Perception of Transparent Objects for Robotic Manipulation

## Pluck and Play: Self-supervised Exploration of Chordophones for Robotic Playing

## Detection and Reconstruction of Transparent Objects with Infrared Projection-based RGB-D Cameras

## PointNetGPD grasps dataset

[LINK: [Code and usage]](https://github.com/lianghongzhuo/PointNetGPD)

## Biotac Single Contact Response

- Philipp Ruppel, Yannick Jonetzko, Michael Görner, Norman Hendrich and Jianwei Zhang, Simulation of the SynTouch BioTac Sensor, The 15th International Conference on Intelligent Autonomous Systems, IAS-15 2018, Baden Baden, Germany.

## Multi Visual Features Fusion for Object Affordance Recognition

## Object Affordance Recognition for HRI

- J. Mi, S. Tang, Z. Deng, M. Görner, and J. Zhang. Object Affordance based Multimodal Fusion for Natural Human-Robot Interaction. Cognitive Systems Research, 2018. doi: 10.1016/j.cogsys.2018.12.010.

## TAMS Office

- Xiao, J., Zhang J.H., Adler, B., Zhang, H., and Zhang J.W. (2013). Three-dimensional Point Cloud Plane Segmentation in Both Structured and Unstructured Environments. Robotics and Autonomous Systems, revision under review.

## Informatikum Bridge

- Xiao, J., Adler, B., and Zhang, H. (2012). 3D point cloud registration based on planar surfaces. In IEEE International Conference on Multisensor Fusion and Information Integration, pages 40-45, Hamburg, Germany.

## Collapsed Car Parking Lot

- Pathak, K., Birk, A., Vaskevicius, N., Pfingsthorn, M., Schwertfeger, S., and Poppinga, J. (2010). Online three-dimensional slam by registration of large planar surface segments and closed-form pose-graph relaxation. Journal of Field Robotics, 27(1):52-84.
- Xiao J., Adler B., Zhang H., and Zhang J. (2013). Planar Segment Based Threedimensional Point Cloud Registration in Outdoor Environments. Journal of Field Robotics, 30(4):552-582.
- Xiao J. (2013). Planar Segments Based Three-dimensional Robotic Mapping in Outdoor Environments. PhD thesis, University of Hamburg.

## Barcelona Robot Lab Dataset

- Xiao J., Adler B., Zhang H., and Zhang J. (2013). Planar Segment Based Threedimensional Point Cloud Registration in Outdoor Environments. Journal of Field Robotics, 30(4):552-582.
- Xiao J. (2013). Planar Segments Based Three-dimensional Robotic Mapping in Outdoor Environments. PhD thesis, University of Hamburg.

--------------------