# MANIPULATE-ANYTHING
**URL:** https://robot-ma.github.io
**Page Title:** Manipulate Anything
--------------------


## Manipulate-Anything: Automating Real-World Robots using Vision-Language Models

[LINK: Wentao Yuan](https://wentaoyuan.github.io/)
[LINK: Wilbert Pumacay](https://wpumacay.github.io/)
[LINK: Yi Ru Wang](https://helen9975.github.io/)
[LINK: Kiana Ehsani](https://ehsanik.github.io/)
* Equal contribution
[LINK: Code](https://github.com/Robot-MA/manipulate-anything)

## Abstract

Large-scale endeavors like RT-1[1] and widespread community efforts
                            such as Open-X-Embodiment have contributed to growing the scale of robot
                            demonstration data. However, there is still an opportunity to improve the quality,
                            quantity, and diversity of robot demonstration data. Although vision-language
                            models have been shown to automatically generate demonstration data, their utility
                            has been limited to environments with privileged state information, they require
                            hand-designed skills, and are limited to interactions with few object instances. We
                            propose MANIPULATE-ANYTHING, a scalable automated generation method for
                            real-world robotic manipulation. Unlike prior work, our method can operate in
                            real-world environments without any privileged state information, hand-designed
                            skills, and can manipulate any static object. We evaluate our method using two
                            setups. First, MANIPULATE-ANYTHING successfully generates trajectories for all
                            7 real-world and 14 simulation tasks, significantly outperforming existing methods
                            like VoxPoser. Second, MANIPULATE-ANYTHING’s demonstrations can train
                            more robust behavior cloning policies than training with human demonstrations,
                            or from data generated by VoxPoser, Scaling-up-Distilling-Down and Code-As-Policies
                            [5]. We believe MANIPULATE-ANYTHING can be the scalable method for both
                            generating data for robotics and solving novel tasks in a zero-shot setting

## Real World Experiments

### Manipulate-Anything

## Simulation

### Zero-shot Generated data

### Policy distilled from different data generation

## Manipulate-Anything Framework

MANIPULATE-ANYTHING is an automated method for robot manipulation in real world
                    environments. Unlike prior methods, it does not require privileged state information, hand-designed
                    skills, or limited to manipulating a fixed number of object instances. It can guide a robot to accomplish
                    a diverse set of unseen tasks, manipulating diverse objects. Furthermore, the generated data enables
                    training behavior cloning policies that outperform training with human demonstrations.

## Manipulate-Anything System Overview

Begins by inputting a scene representation
                        and a natural language task instruction into a VLM, which identifies objects and determines sub-tasks.
                        For each sub-task, we provide multi-view images, verification conditions, and task goals to the action
                        generation module, producing a task-specific grasp pose or action code. This leads to a temporary
                        goal state, assessed by the sub-task verification module for error recovery. Once all sub-tasks are
                        achieved, we filter the trajectories to obtain successful demonstrations for downstream policy training.

## Zero-shot empirical results

MANIPULATE-ANYTHING
                        outperformed other baselines in 10 out of 14 simulation tasks from RLBench. Each task was
                        evaluated over 3 seeds to obtain the task-averaged success rate and standard deviations.

## BC with zero-shot data generation methods

The behavior cloning policy trained
                        on the data generated by MANIPULATE-ANYTHING provides the best performance on 10 out of 12
                        tasks compared to the other autonomous data generation baselines. We report the Success Rate %
                        for behaviour cloning policies trained with data generated from VoxPoser and Code as Policies
                        in comparison. Note that the RLBench baseline uses human expert demonstrations and is
                        considered an upper bound for behavior cloning.

## Action Distribution

We compare the action distribution of data
                        generated by various methods against human-generated demonstrations via RLBench on the same
                        set of tasks. We observed a high similarity between the distribution of our generated data and the
                        human-generated data. This is further supported by the computed CD between our methods and the
                        RLBench data, which yields the lowest (CD=0.056).

## BibTeX


--------------------