# moar dakka
**URL:** https://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MoreDakka
**Page Title:** More Dakka - TV Tropes
--------------------

Follow TV Tropes
http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/MoreDakka

## More Dakka 41 Follow ing

Go To
More Dakka is the art of solving problems by unloading as many rounds of ammunition at them as possible.
While Improbable Aiming Skills are all very well and good, sometimes you just need to throw a wall of bullets at the target — perhaps your foe can Dodge the Bullet , or you're up against a whole army of Mooks at once. Modern automatic weapons can achieve the rates of fire required for more dakka all by themselves, but using a whole bunch of slower-firing guns works too. More dakka can even work against targets where conventional attacks are normally ineffective — even if each shot only does Scratch Damage , it will succumb to a Death of a Thousand Cuts eventually. After all, There Is No Kill Like Overkill ... or so we are led to believe. Occasionally, the only point of a seemingly overwhelming and gratuitous show of force is to hammer home the point that the Monster of the Week simply cannot be defeated through ordinary means . Aim is also a factor: large volumes of fire accomplish surprisingly little in the case of A-Team Firing or if the shooters are graduates of the Imperial Stormtrooper Marksmanship Academy . And sometimes, the guns in question are really, really big. More often than not single-barreled, though you can always add more barrels .
[LINK: normally ineffective](/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/FiveRoundsRapid)
Gatling Good is a common way of achieving more dakka, and you can expect to see gratuitous camera shots devoted to torrents of spent shell casings produced by the volume of fire. If you're strong enough, you always have an option of taking a heavier weapon off its mount . On a more restrained scale, The Gunslinger may specialize in squeezing more dakka out of seemingly ordinary firearms with Guns Akimbo , which can also be downright terrifying.
May result in a Multiple Gunshot Death . See Macross Missile Massacre , which is basically this except with missiles, and Bullet Hell , which is the Logical Extreme version of this trope in video games. If dealing with energy weapons (IE: weapons powered by electricity/plasma/etc instead of bullets), its counterpart is Beam Spam . Contrast Improbable Aiming Skills , when a character uses amazing accuracy instead of volume of fire. Also contrast Ammunition Conservation , when a character shows restraint regarding how much ammunition they use. Not to Be Confused with baka , as there certainly IS such a thing as too much baka . Also not to be confused with Dhaka.
Related to When All You Have Is a Hammer… , more dakka is a Sub-Trope of Spam Attack , but with bullets. The trope namer is Warhammer 40,000 , where it is the Ork onomatopoeia for machine gun firing, and their general term for rapid fire capacity: "dakka-dakka-dakka-dakka...". Inverse of Ammunition Conservation , where the priority is to utilize the absolute least dakka necessary.
noreallife

## Examples:

- Video Games
- Briareos from Appleseed engages a swarm of drones while wielding two large guns in his landmate's hands as well as a third, more conventionally-sized rifle in his own hands. The point of the Hecatonchires chassis is to be able to simultaneously juggle multiple weapon systems engaged with multiple targets at once.
- A common but practically futile tactic used in Assassination Classroom . Koro-sensei, the target, can easily dodge every ounce of rapid fire dakka aimed at him using his super-speed. In fact, the series opens with the students opening fire on Koro-sensei as he takes opening roll-call . As the series progresses, the students start coming up with more creative uses of this strategy, such as aiming around him to reduce his concentration and seal off possible escape routes.
- In Attack on Titan , hundreds of hook-tipped wires are fired explosively from barrels in an attempt to capture the Female Titan , giving this effect.
- In the Battle Royale manga, Kiriyama sprays his targets with bullets fairly often. This earned him the name "The Machine Gun Killer".
- Nearly all of the characters in Black Lagoon are fans of this trope, but the Church of Violence takes this to a new level.
- The Black★Rock Shooter winter 2011-2012 anime is an excuse to show off how much dakka a girl can pack.
- Bungo Stray Dogs : Chuuya Nakahara uses this trope in a somewhat unusual manner as he doesn't use a gun but does use bullets. He utilizes his Gravity Master powers to rain these hundreds of bullets down on enemies at one point, similarly to the Mami example mentioned below.
- Aureolus Izzard from A Certain Magical Index uses his Reality Warper powers to make his gun turn into dozens of gun barrels and unleashes Bullet Hell on Touma.
- Rivaling the orks themselves is the Gun Devil from Chainsaw Man . As the Anthropomorphic Personification of humanity's collective fear of being shot , it takes the form of a massive kaiju with building-sized rifles for arms which it uses to level cities. When it first manifested on Earth it killed 1.5 million people across the planet in under 5 minutes and hundreds more when the President of the United States tried to use it to kill Makima .
- One episode of City Hunter has Kaori causing destruction and mayhem in a storage complex over an orphanage. With Big Guns , Grenades, and Rocket Launchers. Never mind that she missed all the bad guys .
- In one episode of Code Geass R2 , Cornelia straps an arsenal of guns onto a hijacked Knightmare Frame to destroy the Siegfried.
- Hoshimura Makina in Corpse Princess totes around a brace of MAC-11/9mm machine pistols.
- The Millennium Earl in D.Gray-Man will sometimes send hordes of low-level Akuma after the heroes. Since each Akuma is a living ( sort of ) machine gun, this naturally results in More Dakka.
- Cisqua from Elemental Gelade is armed with tons of artillery, including missile launchers and machine guns, and usually relies on ridiculous rapid-fire to fight.
- FLCL Episode 5 takes this to extreme levels, starting off with a simple duel with toy guns (and one real sniper weapon), then taking it into a duel with actual guns between Haruko and Amarao (backed up by dozens of agents), and culminating in the creation of a Humongous Mecha hand, with a hand on the end of each finger, and a different type of gun in each of these hands . Even the episode's Japanese name, Bura-bure (in the English dub, it was called Brittle Bullet) is onomatopoeic of gunfire.
- Fullmetal Alchemist : This is Basque Grand, the Ironblood Alchemist's entire schtick—he summons an arsenal of primitive cannons, flying chains, and other weapons, and blasts away until the target is no longer moving.
- In all versions of Ghost in the Shell , Section 9 and other gun-using entities frequently use lots of automatic fire. Both the Major and Batou often use submachine guns or assault rifles on full-auto, and the Tachikoma Spider Tanks are mounted with tri-barreled Gatling guns. Heavy automatic fire is usually needed due to fighting armored or cyborg opponents. All the bullets flying also makes it harder for the faster enemies to avoid being hit.
- "Target" Kevin's twelve barreled shotgun in Gun Blaze West . The protagonists later find that he has several more twelve barrelled shotguns and dual wields them to demolish a building .
- The Gundam series frequently features massive volumes of fire, usually from multiple Gatling Good rotary cannons. The Ez8 from Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team ; unlike the standard RX-79[G] Gundams, the Ez8 carries machine guns in its head to fire more rounds per second. Ironically, the one time it goes all out and fires every weapon it has at once, every single shot misses its (stationary!) target completely. The RX-78NT-1 "Alex" Gundam from Mobile Suit Gundam 0080: War in the Pocket , carries Gatling guns hidden beneath armor panels in both forearms which are used as the suit's secondary but most distinctive weapons. Mobile Suit Gundam Wing : Gundam Heavyarms, in its original state, carries a gatling gun longer than either arm as its primary weapon, twin Gatling guns hidden in the chest compartment , twin machine guns in the collar and twin Vulcan cannons in the head(not to mention all the missiles and a backup folding knife ). Near the end of the series it gets upgraded to carry a twin Gatling gun, still longer than either arm. Gundam Heavyarms Custom from Endless Waltz carries TWIN dual beam Gatling guns as its primary weapon and FOUR Gatling guns in its chest, as seen here. ◊ This version of Heavyarms lacks any melee weapon, unlike its appearance in the TV series. The Gundam Leopard from After War Gundam X follows in the footsteps of the Heavyarms from Wing with a multitude of gatling guns, grenade launchers and missile launchers throughout it body. The piece de résistance however is the giant "Inner Arm Gatling" on its left arm. The later Gundam Leopard Destroy replaces this with Twin Beam Cylinders gatlings, one on each arm, to play this trope even straighter. Its Gunpla counterpart, the Leopard Da Vinci of Gundam Build Fighters Try , has a stupidly large set of weaponry in its "Heavy Armament Mode", including two beam cannons, two sets of missile launchers, two Heavy Beam Gatlings, and a beam rifle with a beam shotgun attached. Mobile Suit Gundam SEED has the Mobile suit Embedded Tactical Enforcers, or " METEOR " which is equiped with four beam cannons and 77 missile launchers, as well as the various shoulder, hip, chest, and DRAGOON based weaponry the mobile suits may already have. Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny has the " GFAS-X1 Gundam Destroy" Transforming Mecha , which manages to achieve More Dakka, Wave-Motion Gun , Beam Spam and Macross Missile Massacre all at the same time. It has no fewer than four 75mm automatic chainguns , but these are almost side-arms compared to the six Wave Motion Guns it sports between its two modes (two twin-barreled high-energy beam cannons on its back as a mobile armor, three 1580mm chest-mounted cannons and one 200mm face-mounted cannon that fire multi-phase energy in mobile suit mode), twenty thermal-plasma composite cannons, ten beam cannons (which can be detached as a pair of Attack Drones sporting five cannons each), and twenty-four missile launchers. In Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn , we have the Full Armor Unicorn Gundam, which adds rocket launchers, bazookas, grenade launchers, hand grenades and three shields armed with twin beam Gatling guns that, thanks to the Psychoframe attached to both the Unicorn and the shields, also allow them to function as Attack Drones .
- The Ez8 from Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team ; unlike the standard RX-79[G] Gundams, the Ez8 carries machine guns in its head to fire more rounds per second. Ironically, the one time it goes all out and fires every weapon it has at once, every single shot misses its (stationary!) target completely.
- The RX-78NT-1 "Alex" Gundam from Mobile Suit Gundam 0080: War in the Pocket , carries Gatling guns hidden beneath armor panels in both forearms which are used as the suit's secondary but most distinctive weapons.
- Mobile Suit Gundam Wing : Gundam Heavyarms, in its original state, carries a gatling gun longer than either arm as its primary weapon, twin Gatling guns hidden in the chest compartment , twin machine guns in the collar and twin Vulcan cannons in the head(not to mention all the missiles and a backup folding knife ). Near the end of the series it gets upgraded to carry a twin Gatling gun, still longer than either arm.
- Gundam Heavyarms Custom from Endless Waltz carries TWIN dual beam Gatling guns as its primary weapon and FOUR Gatling guns in its chest, as seen here. ◊ This version of Heavyarms lacks any melee weapon, unlike its appearance in the TV series.
- The Gundam Leopard from After War Gundam X follows in the footsteps of the Heavyarms from Wing with a multitude of gatling guns, grenade launchers and missile launchers throughout it body. The piece de résistance however is the giant "Inner Arm Gatling" on its left arm. The later Gundam Leopard Destroy replaces this with Twin Beam Cylinders gatlings, one on each arm, to play this trope even straighter. Its Gunpla counterpart, the Leopard Da Vinci of Gundam Build Fighters Try , has a stupidly large set of weaponry in its "Heavy Armament Mode", including two beam cannons, two sets of missile launchers, two Heavy Beam Gatlings, and a beam rifle with a beam shotgun attached.
- Mobile Suit Gundam SEED has the Mobile suit Embedded Tactical Enforcers, or " METEOR " which is equiped with four beam cannons and 77 missile launchers, as well as the various shoulder, hip, chest, and DRAGOON based weaponry the mobile suits may already have.
- Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny has the " GFAS-X1 Gundam Destroy" Transforming Mecha , which manages to achieve More Dakka, Wave-Motion Gun , Beam Spam and Macross Missile Massacre all at the same time. It has no fewer than four 75mm automatic chainguns , but these are almost side-arms compared to the six Wave Motion Guns it sports between its two modes (two twin-barreled high-energy beam cannons on its back as a mobile armor, three 1580mm chest-mounted cannons and one 200mm face-mounted cannon that fire multi-phase energy in mobile suit mode), twenty thermal-plasma composite cannons, ten beam cannons (which can be detached as a pair of Attack Drones sporting five cannons each), and twenty-four missile launchers.
- In Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn , we have the Full Armor Unicorn Gundam, which adds rocket launchers, bazookas, grenade launchers, hand grenades and three shields armed with twin beam Gatling guns that, thanks to the Psychoframe attached to both the Unicorn and the shields, also allow them to function as Attack Drones .
- This is done many times in Hellsing . Alucard wields pistols that can apparently fire more than their own weight in bullets without reloading. Taken to the extreme with Seras and her Harkonnen II , a pair of 30mm cannons weighing over 500 kilos each. While they're only semi-automatic weapons and should avert the trope, Seras can pull the trigger fast enough to make the trope apply, something she does to great effect against a Nazi airship sent to attack Hellsing HQ .
- Alucard wields pistols that can apparently fire more than their own weight in bullets without reloading.
- Taken to the extreme with Seras and her Harkonnen II , a pair of 30mm cannons weighing over 500 kilos each. While they're only semi-automatic weapons and should avert the trope, Seras can pull the trigger fast enough to make the trope apply, something she does to great effect against a Nazi airship sent to attack Hellsing HQ .
- The "multiple-fire rifle" from Lone Wolf and Cub definitely counts. Since the setting is in the Edo period, the other gunsmiths aren't able to make more than matchlock rifles with excessive decoration , one character pushes gun technology by making a man-portable volley gun. It's a BFG with several barrels that fire at once, creating a shotgun-like spread weapon. The main character makes use of the gun several times, each time to devastating effect.
- Lyrical Nanoha : Reinforce did this in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's when she upgraded Fate's Photon Lancer to Photon Lancer Genocide Shift . Arnage of Huckebein from Magical Record Lyrical Nanoha Force . In the first battle we see her in, she was targeted by approximately twenty five million energy bullets . She responded by activating her Divider, which comprised of a pair of gatling guns strapped together and a multiple rocket launcher. She then proceeded to counter the entire Beam Spam barrage with a combination of this and Macross Missile Massacre .
- Reinforce did this in Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha A's when she upgraded Fate's Photon Lancer to Photon Lancer Genocide Shift .
- Arnage of Huckebein from Magical Record Lyrical Nanoha Force . In the first battle we see her in, she was targeted by approximately twenty five million energy bullets . She responded by activating her Divider, which comprised of a pair of gatling guns strapped together and a multiple rocket launcher. She then proceeded to counter the entire Beam Spam barrage with a combination of this and Macross Missile Massacre .
- Macross : The franchise in general has a tradition of armored versions of their variable fighters who play this trope straight, starting with the VF-1J GBP1S Armored Valkyrie that Hikaru uses in one episode of the original and culminating with the VF-25S/F APS-25A/ MFS25 Armored Messiah from Macross Frontier that not only adds more guns and missiles (including 4 nukes) than any prior armored pack, but is also the first that can transform into fighter and gerwalk modes. In Super Dimension Fortress Macross / Robotech , there is the Daedalus Attack. The Daedalus, one of the "arms" of the SDF-1, is shoved through the hull of an enemy cruiser while every mecha on board is moved to its bow. Once in position, the forward bay is opened, and all the drones fire everything they have inside the enemy ship. Then there's the Earth defense fleet shown in Macross Plus . The amount of dakka parked over the Earth counts hundreds of thousands of warships and satellites on top of six Grand Cannons , each capable of taking out over half a million ships in one shot. It's a common joke among the fandom that you can walk across low Earth orbit with the amount of ordnance parked up there.
- The franchise in general has a tradition of armored versions of their variable fighters who play this trope straight, starting with the VF-1J GBP1S Armored Valkyrie that Hikaru uses in one episode of the original and culminating with the VF-25S/F APS-25A/ MFS25 Armored Messiah from Macross Frontier that not only adds more guns and missiles (including 4 nukes) than any prior armored pack, but is also the first that can transform into fighter and gerwalk modes.
- In Super Dimension Fortress Macross / Robotech , there is the Daedalus Attack. The Daedalus, one of the "arms" of the SDF-1, is shoved through the hull of an enemy cruiser while every mecha on board is moved to its bow. Once in position, the forward bay is opened, and all the drones fire everything they have inside the enemy ship.
- Then there's the Earth defense fleet shown in Macross Plus . The amount of dakka parked over the Earth counts hundreds of thousands of warships and satellites on top of six Grand Cannons , each capable of taking out over half a million ships in one shot. It's a common joke among the fandom that you can walk across low Earth orbit with the amount of ordnance parked up there.
- Nectar of Dharani : Gatling guns have just recently been invented, so The Empire has chainguns capable of firing forty rounds every ten seconds. Note that in the real world, our best machine guns can fire anywhere from three hundred to a thousand rounds every ten seconds.
- Chao of Negima! Magister Negi Magi uses magic to fire a wall of bullets at her opponent without a gun. Haruna apparently followed this philosophy when designing Sayo's robot body. Then later on, she makes a gatling gun for Sayo.
- Neon Genesis Evangelion : This is pretty much the first method Tokyo-3 and Shinji use to try and kill an Angel. It never works. Shinji never learned his lesson as he doesn't even hesitate to try shooting an Angel first. Lampshaded by Ritsuko when Tokyo-3 bombards Ramiel with bullets and missiles , commenting on how the authorities won't be happy until every last bullet is used and that it's a waste of the taxpayers' money.
- Put rather eloquently in Nobunagun : "If one gun isn't enough: two! If two guns isn't enough: three! " Bear in mind that the guns in question are whopping great miniguns .
- Seen when the hero Death Gatling from One-Punch Man uses his ultimate attack, Death Shower when fighting Garou (season 2 in the anime).
- Puella Magi Madoka Magica : Homura Akemi fights using regular guns. Thanks to her magical powers (namely, a Hyperspace Arsenal hidden in her sleeve and time control to a small extent), she can drown her enemies in bullets, rockets or explosives in the bat of an eye. Mami Tomoe has been shown to achieve overwhelming amounts of bullet curtains while using her magic, which is quite a feat on itself, considering she uses single-shot muskets as her weapon of choice. Naturally, when these two fight in Puella Magi Madoka Magica The Movie: Rebellion (while time is stopped, no less), it results in a spectacular display with bullets flying in just about every possible direction resulting in what can best be described as a starburst of dakka. Once time resumes, the destruction caused by bullets alone leaves the area looking like something out of the London blitz. Notably, while Homura wields automatic and semi-automatic modern guns, Mami is still using her single-shot muskets - and she can summon them in infinite amounts so fast that she can match Homura shot for shot. Homura's Limit Break in the game Magia Record is her first firing a few normal bullets, then throwing grenades, stopping time, and then letting them all loose, resulting in much damage. In the season finale of the anime adaptation of Magia Record , Holy Mami summons a massive swarm of hundreds of muskets. The resulting barrage is so massive that it shreds everything in its path and even Yachiyo's Storm of Blades attacks can't keep up . Yachiyo and Iroha likely wouldn't have survived if Sayaka hadn't joined the battle.
- Homura Akemi fights using regular guns. Thanks to her magical powers (namely, a Hyperspace Arsenal hidden in her sleeve and time control to a small extent), she can drown her enemies in bullets, rockets or explosives in the bat of an eye.
- Mami Tomoe has been shown to achieve overwhelming amounts of bullet curtains while using her magic, which is quite a feat on itself, considering she uses single-shot muskets as her weapon of choice.
- Naturally, when these two fight in Puella Magi Madoka Magica The Movie: Rebellion (while time is stopped, no less), it results in a spectacular display with bullets flying in just about every possible direction resulting in what can best be described as a starburst of dakka. Once time resumes, the destruction caused by bullets alone leaves the area looking like something out of the London blitz. Notably, while Homura wields automatic and semi-automatic modern guns, Mami is still using her single-shot muskets - and she can summon them in infinite amounts so fast that she can match Homura shot for shot.
- Homura's Limit Break in the game Magia Record is her first firing a few normal bullets, then throwing grenades, stopping time, and then letting them all loose, resulting in much damage.
- In the season finale of the anime adaptation of Magia Record , Holy Mami summons a massive swarm of hundreds of muskets. The resulting barrage is so massive that it shreds everything in its path and even Yachiyo's Storm of Blades attacks can't keep up . Yachiyo and Iroha likely wouldn't have survived if Sayaka hadn't joined the battle.
- Reborn! (2004) : Gokudera's Flame Arrow has many types of modes or bullets, depending on what combination of Flames Gokudera uses. One set of bullets turns his cannon-like weapon into a machine gun. Apparently, it took him a while to hit Gamma with any of these rounds of bullets.
- Rurouni Kenshin uses this when Kanryuu, an illegal arms/drugs dealer decides to bring a machine gun to a swordfight. Kenshin can barely outrun the hail of bullets, but Aoshi gets his kneecaps shot and has to watch his loyal minions make a Heroic Sacrifice to buy Kenshin enough time to get his sword back.
- s-CRY-ed has Hannish Lightning, at least in the manga, whose Alter is a gun. Then lots of guns. Then when he hits top rank, his entire BODY is guns. Attached to guns. Quite possibly firing guns which shoot you as they hurtle towards you. As Asuka Tachibana commented, "I've got the balls, Akira's got the rod, and Hannish ain't shooting blanks!"
- Soul Link : Karen loves to use as much as dakka as possible. Near the end, most of the enemies she's fighting having a Healing Factor working in their favor, but enough dakka will finish them off, so she can fare well. To its credit, the anime does open with that scene of a gang of outlaws shooting (half)a saloon to pieces with nothing but assault rifle fire.
- This trope is the bread and butter of Chris Yukine from Symphogear . Her preferred Armed Gear configuration is Billion Maiden , a set of Gatling Guns Akimbo each roughly her size, and it only gets better from there .
- Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann contains examples of this, most notably Attenborough's creation of a weapon that fires on every point in space time . The series CMoA page claims this is enough dakka, but is proven wrong as the movie adaptations give him even more dakka.
- Although absent from the anime, the Trigun manga features a certain group who are Masters of Dakka. This is demonstrated when their premier fighter Livio the Double Fang is introduced, whose dual Punishers can shoot forwards, backwards, left, and right at the same time. There's so much dakka in the fight between him and Nicholas that you can barely see what's happening.
- In Yozakura Quartet , Kotoha Isone is a girl that can summon anything by emphasizing the name of the object . Being a gun nut with a focus on German WW2 hardware, this leads to her using anything from machine guns to Flak 88 anti-aircraft cannons..
- This is basically Leena's entire strategy in Zoids: New Century . Her custom-made Zoid is outfitted with a bazillion guns and missile launchers (ironically so, since it was supposed to be a sniping Zoid) that she abuses with absolute abandon. Needless to say, there are many many explosions whenever she's around.
- Things Mr. Welch Is No Longer Allowed to Do in an RPG #58: Expended ammunition is not a business expense.
- Batman : During Jean-Paul Valley 's tenure as Batman, he had a shuriken launcher built into his metallic gauntlets. By the time he reaches his final armor upgrade, it's magazine-fed and its settings reach a point where it could probably cleave a man in half (it certainly did its targets)
- Cable : Nathan Summers/Cable frequently carries multiple large firearms, often with an excessive number of nonsensically placed magazines. He usually fires a lot of bullets out of them. Many of the future weapons he carried were just as ridiculous.
- Deadpool : Wade Wilson/Deadpool has this on his mind at all times. There's even a comic issue, specifically the second issue, named after this trope! Not to mention he has a shelf in his (now-vanished) video game with a Three Barreled Chain Gun, a multitude of automatic weaponry, and a special pistol that resembles a certain "Noisy Cricket" .
- Fables came up with a fine mix of modern-day weaponry and Fable tactics: Take one flying ship (powered by flying carpets), load with all the guns that can fit and set up a chain of ammo depots around the world that can be accessed instantly by teleportation, and rain a never-ending solid wall of hot lead on the enemy armies for hours and hours.
- Iron Man : Tony Stark of course used the War Machine at one point, and while not quite as stacked as the specialty armors even the typical Iron Man armor is loaded with weapons. A one-shot from a few years ago had the onboard computer engaging "*** It, Fire Everything!" mode. War Machine has been adding more and more guns to his armor. For an illustration of the result, check out the picture for the There Is No Kill Like Overkill trope. For a while, Rhodey's armor had the capability to magnetically lock any piece of machinery to itself, meaning he could repurpose any weapon he found from downed enemies or destroyed vehicles. Even at his current, normal weapon loadout, he's more heavily armed than pretty much any Marvel hero.
- Tony Stark of course used the War Machine at one point, and while not quite as stacked as the specialty armors even the typical Iron Man armor is loaded with weapons. A one-shot from a few years ago had the onboard computer engaging "*** It, Fire Everything!" mode.
- War Machine has been adding more and more guns to his armor. For an illustration of the result, check out the picture for the There Is No Kill Like Overkill trope. For a while, Rhodey's armor had the capability to magnetically lock any piece of machinery to itself, meaning he could repurpose any weapon he found from downed enemies or destroyed vehicles. Even at his current, normal weapon loadout, he's more heavily armed than pretty much any Marvel hero.
- Judge Dredd : This is basically the only way to take out the Dark Judges since being reanimated corpses they don't feel pain. Just keep shooting until there's nothing left and pray you have something to capture their spirits with. Judge Fire is even worse because he's ( obviously ) also immune to the Lawgiver's incendiary bullets .
- Justice Riders : Booster Gold , having been rejected as part of Sheriff Prince 's posse in favour of Wally "Kid Flash" West , asks the proprieter of Beetle 's Machines and Weapons if he has anything that might cancel out the Kid's speed advantage . The next time we see him he has a chest-mounted machine gun that turns an entire squad of Maxwell Lord's automatons into a pile of scrap metal, and has much the same effect on the room they were in.
- Notably averted and subverted during the run of Preacher , where machine gun wielding mooks who graduated from the Stormtrooper School of Marksmanship either always miss or never inflict more than a flesh wound , and all the named characters use either pistols or rifles that fire one shot at a time are much more effective. And the ultimate weapons in all the cosmos are a simple pair of late 1800s Colt Revolvers... if you can call a pair of guns forged by the Devil himself from the melted down essence of the first Angel of Death's sword and designed to never miss , never run out of ammo , and always inflict a lethal wound simple. And just for added fun, those guns are in the hands of an Implacable Man who doesn't even flinch from a direct hit from a nuke. note He even invoked this trope's subversion when he walked out of the mushroom cloud: " Not enough gun. " YOU tell him he's not packing enough dakka . Played straight on one occasion when Herr Starr finally realises that the Irish guy (doing a bad Southern accent) that he is holding prisoner is not, in fact, the Reverend Jesse Custer. Since said Irish guy is Cassidy , shooting him once does not have the desired effect, so Starr and his soldiers resort to unloading everything they have at him until there's not enough of him left to fight back. Which doesn't kill him, but does incapacitate him long enough for them to dump him in a deep hole.
- Played straight on one occasion when Herr Starr finally realises that the Irish guy (doing a bad Southern accent) that he is holding prisoner is not, in fact, the Reverend Jesse Custer. Since said Irish guy is Cassidy , shooting him once does not have the desired effect, so Starr and his soldiers resort to unloading everything they have at him until there's not enough of him left to fight back. Which doesn't kill him, but does incapacitate him long enough for them to dump him in a deep hole.
- The Punisher : Frank Castle has used an M60 medium machine gun numerous times, frequently firing hundreds of rounds out of it to slaughter his enemies. During The Punisher: Welcome Back, Frank storyline, Frank stalks an Arizona hitman hired to kill him. He notes the man is a Gunslinger who outdrew three out of four state troopers, and dodged the bullet of the fourth. Frank guns him down with a Uzi, noting that dodging a bullet doesn't mean you can dodge thirty of them. During a team-up, Spider-Man once asked him if he had his own lead mine. Leading to an Ironic Echo later when Frank asked him if he bought all that webbing wholesale.
- Frank Castle has used an M60 medium machine gun numerous times, frequently firing hundreds of rounds out of it to slaughter his enemies.
- During The Punisher: Welcome Back, Frank storyline, Frank stalks an Arizona hitman hired to kill him. He notes the man is a Gunslinger who outdrew three out of four state troopers, and dodged the bullet of the fourth. Frank guns him down with a Uzi, noting that dodging a bullet doesn't mean you can dodge thirty of them.
- During a team-up, Spider-Man once asked him if he had his own lead mine. Leading to an Ironic Echo later when Frank asked him if he bought all that webbing wholesale.
- Sin City uses this a lot. When Marv is finally captured, the corrupt cops pour bullets into him from submachine guns. Another great example is the ending to The Big Fat Kill , when Dwight and the prostitutes turn an alley into a killbox, pumping hundreds of rounds into the antagonists trapped down there.
- Spider-Man : As proof of how tough the Juggernaut is, in Nothing Can Stop the Juggernaut! , a SWAT team set a roadblock for the villain on a city street, and when he refused to halt, opened fire with machine gun fire that the narration called "enough to reduce a house to splinters". But it didn't even slow him down. The Amazing Fantasy volume 2 headliner Vegas featured Sixgun, a member of the mutant gang Vegas used to run with. He's got six different handguns on his person, and with the help of his powers, likes to use them all at once; the first time he shows this off to the reader, he obliterates a cactus.
- As proof of how tough the Juggernaut is, in Nothing Can Stop the Juggernaut! , a SWAT team set a roadblock for the villain on a city street, and when he refused to halt, opened fire with machine gun fire that the narration called "enough to reduce a house to splinters". But it didn't even slow him down.
- The Amazing Fantasy volume 2 headliner Vegas featured Sixgun, a member of the mutant gang Vegas used to run with. He's got six different handguns on his person, and with the help of his powers, likes to use them all at once; the first time he shows this off to the reader, he obliterates a cactus.
- Superman: At Earth's End has a prime example in the form of the Expunger, a gun that consists, essentially, of multiple Vulcan cannons strapped together.
- The Ultimates : Hawkeye pulled this off in his first appearance in with a bow and arrows . Improbable Aiming Skills doesn't cover the amount of people he takes down. Sometimes Monica Chang slips into this on missions, including firing a massive cannon that has its own chair attached.
- Hawkeye pulled this off in his first appearance in with a bow and arrows . Improbable Aiming Skills doesn't cover the amount of people he takes down.
- Sometimes Monica Chang slips into this on missions, including firing a massive cannon that has its own chair attached.
- In X-Force (2008) issue #14, the team is in an alternate post-apocalyptic future and surrounded. Insane Future Deadpool's response is more handgun dakka ◊ .
- Jago tries this on Lind in Ah! Archfall! , using an Iowa Class battleship, which as it turned out was distraction for an orbital strike. All it does is piss her off.
- The All Guardsmen Party are firm believers in solving problems by shooting them with extreme prejudice, and the more firepower they can bring to bear, the better. Heavy, Tink and Twitch are the usual suspects. Our 'experiments' had established that las fire and grenades didn't do much to the shield, but since we were guardsmen we felt sure that enough faith and firepower could solve anything. We set up positions around the shield and started continuously plinking las fire into it, because when you have a fusion reactor to recharge your cells from you might as well lay down some indiscriminate suppressive fire.
- In Cenotaph , while considering how a Thinker might be a more dangerous opponent, Taylor decides the best answer is " More bees ."
- Enemy of My Enemy : Marikos loves chainguns.
- Ere We Go, Pluz Ultra! , being a crossover where Izuku Midoriya gets infused with the WAAAAGH! energy of a full Ork Tribe , couldn't dodge out of this. For example, when a pair of thugs attempt to attack Inko Midoriya, she activates her house's first level of defense and out pop nine miniguns aiming at the thugs, telling them that they can surrender or try their luck.
- Hybrid Hive: Eat Shard? : Since Leviathan is extremely fast, and her bindings won't hold him for more than a moment, Taylor floods him from all sides with bullets carrying a spell similar to Flechette's power, and even deliberately randomises her aim slightly. If the weak spot moved then she wanted a projectile to hit it anyway, so she was aiming more for 'saturate the area that Leviathan was in' than 'hit the weak spot'.
- If Wishes Were Ponies... : In chapter 11, the British Ministry of Defense is reviewing an SA80A2 rifle modified by the equestrians. It has Bottomless Magazines , and lots of other enchantments, including enough rate of fire increase and recoil mitigation to let the user sign their name on a target at 400 yards at something like 1000 rounds per minute.
- In Imaginary Seas , both Chirons are able to draw and fire their bows at speeds that make them act more like automatic weapons than bows.
- Iron Hearts : This is Trixie 's favored tactic, usually accomplished by levitating thirty or so boltguns up at once and firing until they click empty. Twilight: Trixie?! How can you possibly aim thirty weapons at once?! Trixie: AIMING IS FOR THOSE WHO ONLY HAVE ONE GUN!!
- In The Key to a Successful Interview , Shampoo tries to kill Akane (and demolishes Furinkan High as collateral damage) with a stolen GAU-8 "Avenger" 30mm Gatling cannon (which she removed from the "Warthog" she stole from an American army base in Okinawa several chapters earlier), firmly cementing her as The Friend Nobody Likes in the Nerima Wrecking Crew.
- Light and Dark The Adventures of Dark Yagami : Where to start? How about the gun Dark uses to shoot 1,000,000 stormtroopers? You read that right, one million stormtroopers. He gets these kills in 100,000 rounds, fed from a magazine any Ork would envy , with such impeccable accuracy that he inflicts lethal wounds on ten men for every single bullet. That's not even the best part. He does all of this in the span of ten minutes . That's 10,000 rounds per minute on average . To put that in perspective, the GAU-17/A a.k.a. M134 minigun maxes out at six thousand rounds per minute. DAKKA.
- My Immortal : Ebony shoots at Snape and Lupin "a gazillion times" for spying on her in her bathroom. She also has the aiming ability of an ork since all she manages to do is break the lens of their camera
- Used gruesomely in Shell Shock , where the heavy machine guns are used to massacre POWs .
- Sonic X: Dark Chaos : The Dreadnought is built entirely around this trope. It seems unarmed at first glance, until it reveals its extremely powerful hidden arsenal. It's actually described as carrying "enough guns to make an Ork blush" . And during the final battle, the ship unleashes Super Duper Mega Ultra Extreme Wizard Mode — turning it into a flying mass of guns and missile launchers that promptly massacres an entire Demon battle group. While playing the 1812 Overture at full volume. Eric the Hedgehog's character basically revolves around this trope. His Super form, rather than giving him new powers or speed like Sonic, allows him to conjure gigantic guns out of thin air via Clap Your Hands If You Believe .
- The Dreadnought is built entirely around this trope. It seems unarmed at first glance, until it reveals its extremely powerful hidden arsenal. It's actually described as carrying "enough guns to make an Ork blush" . And during the final battle, the ship unleashes Super Duper Mega Ultra Extreme Wizard Mode — turning it into a flying mass of guns and missile launchers that promptly massacres an entire Demon battle group. While playing the 1812 Overture at full volume.
- Eric the Hedgehog's character basically revolves around this trope. His Super form, rather than giving him new powers or speed like Sonic, allows him to conjure gigantic guns out of thin air via Clap Your Hands If You Believe .
- Quite common in The Terminators: Army of Legend , but memorable during Commander Alex Vaughn and Commander Spyro 's first encounter with the Maxian Elite Officers and the Maxian military commander, named General "Necro" in the third volume. Due to their mutations, the Elites can heal injuries alarmingly quick, the only way to kill them is to almost literally fill them with lead. Lampshaded as Alex responds to this trope directly.
- When Titans Clash : Regular-calibre bullets have little effect on a T-800. However, "little" is not nothing . An M2 Browning .50 calibre heavy machine gun can deliver so many of them, spent brass spraying out the side, that it can destroy the robot's guns and pin it to the wall until the bullets finally chew through the armour and wreck critical components.
- The Korean animated movie Aachi and Ssipak cannot go a single fight scene without a ridiculous number of bullets flying in every direction, even if there are only two unarmed targets.
- One scene of Batman: Year One shows Batman ducking into the shadows. Afterward, the police squad who happen to be chasing him simply open up with their assault rifles, and keep firing at the same spot for ten seconds . One wonders who trained these police.
- Aliens : As part of its Serial Escalation , the film takes what was a survival horror film and adds machine-gun-toting space marines and machine gun turrets into the mix. Ripley tapes a flame thrower to a pulse rifle in preparation for her confrontation with the Alien Queen.
- As part of its Serial Escalation , the film takes what was a survival horror film and adds machine-gun-toting space marines and machine gun turrets into the mix.
- Ripley tapes a flame thrower to a pulse rifle in preparation for her confrontation with the Alien Queen.
- Angels with Dirty Faces : Frazier's goons decide that even though Rocky is stuck in a phone both with no way out, they might as well unload as many bullets as they can into him to make sure he's dead. The whole thing is brutal, especially since Rocky tricked one of their own men into entering the phone box and getting riddled in his place.
- Played straight in Bonnie and Clyde . During the end scene (and in the real-life event), the local police fill both of them up with enough lead to start a type foundry. It's quite literally 45 straight seconds of non-stop fire from six Thompson .45 ACP sub-machine guns .
- Matt LeBlanc 's Airstream trailer is machine-gunned into scrap in Charlie's Angels (2000) .
- Commando (1985) features multiple scenes with far more automatic fire than was absolutely necessary.
- Averted in Deadpool (2016) : Deadpool loves him some heavy firepower, but he keeps forgetting the dufflebag in which he carries his guns and ammo.
- Der Clown: Payday : The three main villains seem to carry their machine guns wherever they go, always with the finger on the trigger , and use them almost wherever they please since they've got Bottomless Magazines anyway. It's also hard to believe that a German Sondereinsatzkommando (SWAT) would fire their submachine guns at full auto.
- In Death Wish 3 , there's a memorable scene where Paul Kersey uses a M1919 Browning machinegun to mow down Fraker's gang.
- Dick Tracy has more tommy gun use than most PG-rated movies. (The gun use is cartoonish to make it resemble the comic strips, and true to Toon Physics , Flat Top even uses one to write a message on a wall with bullets in the opening scene.) In the novelization of the movie, when Tracy investigates, the other police are upset when he tells them to gather every spent shell as evidence, because they know it will take a very long time to do that. There are just so many.
- Dredd 3D . Ma-Ma unloads on Dredd and Anderson with three massive gatling guns . The results are kind of mind-blowing. She turns the entire floor they're on into rubble, civilians included, and is still savvy enough not to write the Judges off unless her people find their bodies... or what's left of them.
- The bridge assault in Eastern Condors oozes with this trope. You have Yuen Biao and Joyce Godenzi picking up mounted heavy machine-guns against enemy troops, then you have Sammo Hung using a 50 cal. Browning to effortlessly mow down dozens of enemies in seconds.
- Elysium : Besides some glorious shots of an AKM slow-motion exploding a robot, the two varieties of Elysian assault rifle fire at a minigun-like buzz, along with one of the gang members' chainsaw-gripped machine gun and a door-mounted gauss heavy machine gun.
- The Expendables is a Genre Throwback to over-the-top 80's action movies, and 90% of the All-Star Cast already have doctorates in Dakkanomics. For this movie, More Dakka isn't just required, it's expected.
- The Fatal Image : Goons attack Barbara and Hemery in the hotel and chase them from room to room and across the rooftop, blasting away with their machine guns all the while.
- The Fifth Element had the villain showing off how his shiny new gun has homing dakka. He still isn't able to kill the heroine with it.
- The Gauntlet . This Clint Eastwood film had very decent Dakka for its time, including ballistic demolition of a house by way of massive firearm barrage and driving a DIY armored bus through a literal rain of bullets.
- The Godfather : Sonny Corleone may have been a tough son-of-a-bitch, but it's hard to believe that they really needed to shoot him about three hundred times with five or so Tommy Guns from all directions in order to kill him. Then again, this was a rival gang doing the shooting, so (1) they want to make sure he's dead, and (2) There Is No Kill Like Overkill helps to send a message to their rivals: cross us at your peril. Unfortunately for said rivals, Michael basically responded, "You want a war?! You got it! " and proceeded to take out the rival gangs without mercy.
- The visit to Udre Belicoff's in the Hitman film culminates in the arms dealer failing to kill 47 with twin light machine guns.
- Hot Shots! Part Deux , parodies the need for dakka in Rambo , Commando , and other action movies from The '80s . There's a scene where Topper Harley (Charlie Sheen) kills people just by throwing bullets at them. Part of that scene even has a "kill counter" that points out when the scene's kill count has surpassed that of other films, finally declaring the film to be "The Bloodiest Movie Ever". If that weren't enough, there's also Topper standing in the last little bit of the boat up to his waist in spent brass as he decimates the Iraqi navy.
- In The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2 , one of the traps in the Capitol is a pair of machine guns that fire about 500 rounds when they are triggered. Star Squad 451 is even slightly amused by this trap when it completely destroys a gate with only normal bullets.
- Imperial Military Personnel Stories has a squad of stormtroopers conduct a raid on a Davenport hangar bay. While one freighter, suspiciously similar to the Millennium Falcon , gets turned into flaming wreckage by a hail of blaster fire, the second spacecraft escapes into the atmosphere. While many of the Imperials continue firing at the fleeing vessel, one in particluar, armed with a full-auto repeating blaster, keeps shooting until a comrade thumps him to knock it off. "They're gone." The rest of the squad can only stare at this haywire trigger-happiness. Viewable on YouTube here at the 19:20 mark.
- The Island (1980) : While most of the pirates are gathered on the aft deck of the cutter, Maynard discovers a deck-mounted M2 Machine Gun hidden underneath a tarp. He opens fire on the pirates, and continues to fire even after they are all dead.
- Ordell Robbie of Jackie Brown is apparently a fan: Robbie : AK-47: The very best there is. When you absolutely, positively got to kill every motherfucker in the room, accept no substitutes.
- Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday opens with the FBI setting a trap for Jason, and unloading on him with a small army. As noted in the page intro, this is enough overkill to put down even someone who's Immune to Bullets ... but only for a while.
- The "Death Blossom" attack of The Last Starfighter . Justified in this case, as it's a one-shot last-resort weapon meant to take out all enemies at close range.
- This was basically Omura's Final Solution to the Samurai problem in The Last Samurai : a row of gatling guns to mow them all down.
- In Lone Hero , a Calico M950, converted in a full auto version with a 100 round helical magazine, is used by Bart during the assassination of a patrol police officer. It shreds the side of the police car he fires it at.
- In Mad Max: Fury Road , this is the Bullet Farmer's raison d'etre, to the point that his uniform is comprised of stitched-together bandoliers and he has live rounds in place of fake teeth. Being blinded by Furiosa only ramps his obsession to Ax-Crazy levels as he wildly sprays fire into the night. Max kills him with a machete . Bullet Farmer : I AM THE SCALES OF JUSTICE! CONDUCTOR OF THE CHOIR OF DEATH! SING, BROTHER HECKLER! SING, BROTHER KOCH! SING BROTHERS! SING! SING!
- A scene in Maniac Cop 2 has the eponymous Ax-Crazy Officer Matt Cordell sneak into the police station, shoot everyone in the target range and afterward abandon his gun for a much, much bigger one before going upstairs into the offices and shooting everyone, crashing through several walls (both solid and glass) in the process.
- Marvel Cinematic Universe : In Iron Man 1 , the Mark I suit is immune to the small-arms fire of the Ten Rings gunmen. But the heavy machine gun manages to seriously damage it, forcing Tony to fire his main rockets and flee before the job is done. Also in Iron Man , Obadiah Stane's Iron Monger suit packs a ridiculous amount of firepower: a rotary missile launcher, a heavy missile launcher, a huge Gatling gun ... In Iron Man 2 , War Machine, just like his comic book counterpart, is essentially the Mark II Iron Man suit fitted with every gun they can strap onto it. Rhodey: [at a table full of guns] We'll take it. Hammer: Which one? Rhodey: All of them. In the invasion of the final HYDRA base in Captain America: The First Avenger , the Allied attackers carry only conventional guns while the HYDRA defenders have their plasma blasters - but there are a lot more of the attackers. In The Avengers (2012) , when Iron Man and Captain America capture Loki, Iron Man arms and activates every weapon he has to threaten Loki. He has a lot of them. Sadly, we never get to see what most of them are. In all his appearances, Rocket Raccoon adores big guns, the bigger and faster-shooting the better.
- In Iron Man 1 , the Mark I suit is immune to the small-arms fire of the Ten Rings gunmen. But the heavy machine gun manages to seriously damage it, forcing Tony to fire his main rockets and flee before the job is done.
- Also in Iron Man , Obadiah Stane's Iron Monger suit packs a ridiculous amount of firepower: a rotary missile launcher, a heavy missile launcher, a huge Gatling gun ...
- In Iron Man 2 , War Machine, just like his comic book counterpart, is essentially the Mark II Iron Man suit fitted with every gun they can strap onto it. Rhodey: [at a table full of guns] We'll take it. Hammer: Which one? Rhodey: All of them.
- In the invasion of the final HYDRA base in Captain America: The First Avenger , the Allied attackers carry only conventional guns while the HYDRA defenders have their plasma blasters - but there are a lot more of the attackers.
- In The Avengers (2012) , when Iron Man and Captain America capture Loki, Iron Man arms and activates every weapon he has to threaten Loki. He has a lot of them. Sadly, we never get to see what most of them are.
- In all his appearances, Rocket Raccoon adores big guns, the bigger and faster-shooting the better.
- The Matrix likes this one. Neo's quest to rescue Morpheus from the Agents involves a bombastic and daring plan that nobody has ever tried before. This translates to absolutely atrocious amounts of firepower, in a sequence of scenes where Neo and Trinity shoot up a skyscraper lobby, shoot their way to the top, shoot a lot of SWAT, shoot an Agent in the head, and then Neo fires a minigun from a helicopter to kill three Agents, complete with gratuitous Slow Motion shots devoted to the shell casings falling from the gun . Neo's approach to the mission is summed up in the famous line delivered during their preparation: "What do you need?" "Guns. Lots of guns." In the sequels, there's the huge machine guns mounted on Zion's resident Mini-Mecha and ships with turrets mounting dual machine guns. The Merovingian's mooks also used this trope unsuccessfully in The Matrix Reloaded against Neo, who doesn't need to Dodge the Bullet anymore, so it makes no difference how many there are.
- Neo's quest to rescue Morpheus from the Agents involves a bombastic and daring plan that nobody has ever tried before. This translates to absolutely atrocious amounts of firepower, in a sequence of scenes where Neo and Trinity shoot up a skyscraper lobby, shoot their way to the top, shoot a lot of SWAT, shoot an Agent in the head, and then Neo fires a minigun from a helicopter to kill three Agents, complete with gratuitous Slow Motion shots devoted to the shell casings falling from the gun . Neo's approach to the mission is summed up in the famous line delivered during their preparation:
- In the sequels, there's the huge machine guns mounted on Zion's resident Mini-Mecha and ships with turrets mounting dual machine guns. The Merovingian's mooks also used this trope unsuccessfully in The Matrix Reloaded against Neo, who doesn't need to Dodge the Bullet anymore, so it makes no difference how many there are.
- Police Academy 6 had series Gun Nut Tackleberry do a similar thing. In response to his opponent's own Gunslinger skills making a smiley with a pistol and an SMG ("Cute."), he writes "Have A Nice Day" on the wall with his gun.
- Predator : Predator (1987) : In an early scene, the commandos cut down a good portion of the surrounding jungle with automatic fire from assault rifles, the famous " Old Painless " handheld minigun , and grenade launchers. Predator 2 : When the Predator attacks the Jamaicans in the Colombian drug lord's apartment they unload a huge amount of firepower at him. Predators : In a nod to the first film, Husky Russkie Nikolai uses a handheld minigun similar to Blain's "Old Painless". He successfully kills a number of Predator hounds by shooting them a lot.
- Predator (1987) : In an early scene, the commandos cut down a good portion of the surrounding jungle with automatic fire from assault rifles, the famous " Old Painless " handheld minigun , and grenade launchers.
- Predator 2 : When the Predator attacks the Jamaicans in the Colombian drug lord's apartment they unload a huge amount of firepower at him.
- Predators : In a nod to the first film, Husky Russkie Nikolai uses a handheld minigun similar to Blain's "Old Painless". He successfully kills a number of Predator hounds by shooting them a lot.
- Raising Arizona : In an extended shootout, everyone down to the grocery-store butcher is packing massive heat . And all because Nicolas Cage stole a bag of Huggies.
- Rambo : John Rambo loves full-auto fire, starting after the first film . In the fourth film , he uses a .50 caliber machine gun to kill the driver of the truck it's mounted on. A thirteen-round burst at a range of two or three feet was certainly gratuitous.
- Rats: Night of Terror : Kurt's favored weapon is a five-barreled shotgun. Duke, after turning on Kurt, somehow finds himself a tank broken down in the middle of the street and tries to apply its machine gun to the group. Unfortunately, it either jams or runs out of ammo after one burst.
- Kurt's favored weapon is a five-barreled shotgun.
- Duke, after turning on Kurt, somehow finds himself a tank broken down in the middle of the street and tries to apply its machine gun to the group. Unfortunately, it either jams or runs out of ammo after one burst.
- Red (2010) loves this trope. A notable example is when a hit squad shows up at Frank 's house in the wee small hours of the morning. A line of men marches toward the house with automatic weapons going full blast, the bullets tearing the house to bits. This goes on for quite some time.
- RoboCop : In RoboCop (1987) , ED-209, the title character's replacement/rival product, is a walking metal armory, made to simply obliterate all lawbreakers. Robocop himself doesn't hesitate to take one of the Cobra Assault Cannons to use on the ED-209 at the OmniCorp HQ building when he realizes his pistol isn't up to the job. And yet the ED-209 absolutely pales compared to the berserk rampage of Robocain in RoboCop 2 , in which thousands of rounds are exchanged.
- In RoboCop (1987) , ED-209, the title character's replacement/rival product, is a walking metal armory, made to simply obliterate all lawbreakers. Robocop himself doesn't hesitate to take one of the Cobra Assault Cannons to use on the ED-209 at the OmniCorp HQ building when he realizes his pistol isn't up to the job.
- And yet the ED-209 absolutely pales compared to the berserk rampage of Robocain in RoboCop 2 , in which thousands of rounds are exchanged.
- Robot has the Brainwashed and Crazy Ridiculously Human Robot Chitti, who survives some 50 soldiers shooting at him, before grabbing their guns with Selective Magnetism and shooting back with them. As in, 50 automatic rifles at once . And that's HARDLY the biggest thing about this movie . " Happy Diwali, folks! "
- The federal agents in The Rocketeer are largely portrayed as incompetent bullies, but what they lack in ability, they make up for in enthusiasm. Much to the dismay of the heroes, who get caught up between the feds and the bad guy's Implacable Man .
- The climactic battle of The Rundown is absolutely loaded with Dakka flying in all directions. It makes the movie.
- Pretty much deconstructed by the final shootout in Scarface (1983) : Sosa sends several dozen men to kill Tony in revenge for what he did in New York. They enter his mansion and pump him full of lead with their guns on full auto (this film is also a great example for Bottomless Magazines ). Tony himself is so coked up that it seems the probably thousands of bullets can't do him any harm while he mows down the bad guys on full auto himself, having to reload twice, but after completely unrealistic numbers of rounds. What eventually kills him is both barrels of a double-barrel shotgun emptied into his back at point blank range .
- Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows : Not only is there more shooting than the first movie, there's a Gatling gun at some point. Watson also picks up an early LMG and uses it. Watson also gets to express the Engineer's philosophy when Moran has him pinned down from a sniper perch. He got more gun.
- Sinners (2025) : How does Smoke kill Hogwood ? By unloading an entire tommy gun magazine into him .
- Split Second : Before the final confrontation with the monster, the two heroes raid the weapons locker of the police station while chanting "big fucking guns!" and arm themselves with the largest selections available.
- The Mobile Infantry in Starship Troopers have Bottomless Magazines in their epic futuristic assault rifles, except where the plot demands. It should noted that, at the time of its release, Starship Troopers held the record for most ammunition used in a movie ever (There are rather a lot of Bugs ). The troops in the original novel have even more dakka.
- Star Trek : Star Trek: First Contact : When Picard decides to defy orders and joins the main battle against a Borg Cube, he orders all ships to focus all of their combined firepower on a single area of the Cube's hull, resulting in it being blown to bits. Picard leads some Borg drones into the holodeck, where he shoots them down with a submachine gun in the "Dixon Hill" program, having deactivated the safety protocols to ensure that holographic bullets were as deadly as the real thing. Star Trek (2009) : The Enterprise has a more dakka than its original series counterpart, in the form of lots of fast-firing point defense turrets, which complement the multiple phaser banks and rapid-firing photon torpedo launchers nicely. In Star Trek Into Darkness , Harrison doesn't skimp on bullets when he wants to kill something.
- Star Trek: First Contact : When Picard decides to defy orders and joins the main battle against a Borg Cube, he orders all ships to focus all of their combined firepower on a single area of the Cube's hull, resulting in it being blown to bits. Picard leads some Borg drones into the holodeck, where he shoots them down with a submachine gun in the "Dixon Hill" program, having deactivated the safety protocols to ensure that holographic bullets were as deadly as the real thing.
- When Picard decides to defy orders and joins the main battle against a Borg Cube, he orders all ships to focus all of their combined firepower on a single area of the Cube's hull, resulting in it being blown to bits.
- Picard leads some Borg drones into the holodeck, where he shoots them down with a submachine gun in the "Dixon Hill" program, having deactivated the safety protocols to ensure that holographic bullets were as deadly as the real thing.
- Star Trek (2009) : The Enterprise has a more dakka than its original series counterpart, in the form of lots of fast-firing point defense turrets, which complement the multiple phaser banks and rapid-firing photon torpedo launchers nicely.
- In Star Trek Into Darkness , Harrison doesn't skimp on bullets when he wants to kill something.
- Star Wars : Everyone knows that in a fight between a Jedi and someone with a blaster, the Jedi is going to win; simply put, the Force allows them to react faster than the person can shoot, even on full-auto, and deflect their blaster shots. So how do you beat a Jedi with blaster fire? In Attack of the Clones , a huge droid army surrounds the Jedi and attacks from so many directions that even a couple of dozen Jedi can't stop them all. In Revenge of the Sith , the Clone Troopers use similar tactics to carry out Order 66. When one Jedi is attacked by several dozen troopers, it overwhelms even a Jedi's ability to react, especially when caught from behind . Averted in pretty much every other use in the film series, ever .
- In Attack of the Clones , a huge droid army surrounds the Jedi and attacks from so many directions that even a couple of dozen Jedi can't stop them all.
- In Revenge of the Sith , the Clone Troopers use similar tactics to carry out Order 66. When one Jedi is attacked by several dozen troopers, it overwhelms even a Jedi's ability to react, especially when caught from behind .
- Averted in pretty much every other use in the film series, ever .
- Superman Returns features a scene in which Superman walks directly into the fire of a massive gatling gun, ending with the famous "bullet to the eye" shot.
- It's a staple of the Terminator films to have at least one scene worshipping this trope, but undoubtedly the best and most memorable is the T-800's minigun rampage against the police at the Cyberdyne building in Terminator 2: Judgment Day . Surprisingly for this trope, it's literally Bloodless Carnage because John Connor ordered the T-800 not to kill anybody; the Terminator's HUD implies that nobody was even injured. ("Casualties: 0.0", suggesting that it might have assigned a decimal point for someone with a bullet wound who was not dead.)
- Tremors : One of the Graboids in Tremors 1 makes the fatal decision to bust into the basement of the local survivalist. The firearms enthusiast, assisted by his wife , summarily proceeds to unleash his entire private arsenal on the thing, starting with big-bore bolt rifles and semi-auto rifles, moving through other semi-auto rifles, 12 gauge shotguns, dual-wielding pistols, and finally two shots from a massive elephant gun to deliver the coup-de-grace. If anyone might have enuff dakka, it's Burt Gummer Burt: Broke into the wrong goddamn rec room, didn't you, you bastard! The lack of this is a plot point in Tremors 2: Aftershocks . Thinking they were "just" up against Graboids, Burt has a selection of large, high-powered rifles at his disposal, along with custom-made brass penetrator rounds since the Graboids in the first film were Immune to Bullets while underground, since it's very difficult to shoot through dirt. When the Graboids turn into much smaller, faster, and more plentiful Shriekers, Burt laments the fact that he's carrying entirely the wrong kinds of weapons to deal with the creatures, and what he did have had been used up in his first encounter with them. Burt : I am completely out of ammo. I don't think that's ever happened to me before. Tremors 3: Back to Perfection opens with Burt having become a semi-full-time Graboid Exterminator. When officials have allowed an infestation to advance to the Screamer stage, he brings along a new toy: a modified, multi-barreled, mechanized anti-aircraft gun . Baiting the things in with heat sources, the look on his face as dozens of them rise over the hill and he opens fire is like a kid on Christmas morning. Knowing Burt though, he's probably disappointed he couldn't get incendiary ammunition.
- One of the Graboids in Tremors 1 makes the fatal decision to bust into the basement of the local survivalist. The firearms enthusiast, assisted by his wife , summarily proceeds to unleash his entire private arsenal on the thing, starting with big-bore bolt rifles and semi-auto rifles, moving through other semi-auto rifles, 12 gauge shotguns, dual-wielding pistols, and finally two shots from a massive elephant gun to deliver the coup-de-grace. If anyone might have enuff dakka, it's Burt Gummer Burt: Broke into the wrong goddamn rec room, didn't you, you bastard!
- The lack of this is a plot point in Tremors 2: Aftershocks . Thinking they were "just" up against Graboids, Burt has a selection of large, high-powered rifles at his disposal, along with custom-made brass penetrator rounds since the Graboids in the first film were Immune to Bullets while underground, since it's very difficult to shoot through dirt. When the Graboids turn into much smaller, faster, and more plentiful Shriekers, Burt laments the fact that he's carrying entirely the wrong kinds of weapons to deal with the creatures, and what he did have had been used up in his first encounter with them. Burt : I am completely out of ammo. I don't think that's ever happened to me before.
- Tremors 3: Back to Perfection opens with Burt having become a semi-full-time Graboid Exterminator. When officials have allowed an infestation to advance to the Screamer stage, he brings along a new toy: a modified, multi-barreled, mechanized anti-aircraft gun . Baiting the things in with heat sources, the look on his face as dozens of them rise over the hill and he opens fire is like a kid on Christmas morning. Knowing Burt though, he's probably disappointed he couldn't get incendiary ammunition.
- Troma's War : At the time, the record holder for most bullets fired in a single movie.
- TRON: Legacy : Castor's laser cane is the only man-portable firearm in the entire movie, and it boasts a quite impressive fire rate. The shots even bounce around the room when they hit a wall, which most of them do. The Light Fighter that the protagonists hijack during the finale isn't precisely a bomber but comes with the secondary armaments of a WW II one: heavy machine guns in the front and a twin-linked tail gun turret. Being a Light vehicle, it's also equipped with the mandatory light wall emitters.
- Castor's laser cane is the only man-portable firearm in the entire movie, and it boasts a quite impressive fire rate. The shots even bounce around the room when they hit a wall, which most of them do.
- The Light Fighter that the protagonists hijack during the finale isn't precisely a bomber but comes with the secondary armaments of a WW II one: heavy machine guns in the front and a twin-linked tail gun turret. Being a Light vehicle, it's also equipped with the mandatory light wall emitters.
- Parodied in the Rambo spoof segment in UHF : George (as Rambo) is being shot at by a bad guy with a submachine gun. At "hold down the trigger" full auto. With unlimited ammo . From a distance of maybe four feet. Not that he lands one single hit . George eventually blows him up with an explosive arrow. After retrieving the machine gun, George seems to find it to his liking to blow up stuff , squeezing the trigger in one go. The gun is actually not even loaded.
- George (as Rambo) is being shot at by a bad guy with a submachine gun. At "hold down the trigger" full auto. With unlimited ammo . From a distance of maybe four feet. Not that he lands one single hit . George eventually blows him up with an explosive arrow.
- After retrieving the machine gun, George seems to find it to his liking to blow up stuff , squeezing the trigger in one go. The gun is actually not even loaded.
- In Ultraviolet (2006) , the heroine uses extradimensional space/folding technology to almost achieve enuff dakka.
- The Underworld films are fond of this. The prequel , Rise of the Lycans , is excepted for obvious reasons .
- V for Vendetta . Creedy brings a squad of Fingermen with fifteen-round semiautomatic pistols along to hunt for V near the climax. The mooks even form a semicircular firing squad and open fire in unison, led by Creedy's heavy revolver, as they empty their pistols into V. An armored breastplate under V's cloak keeps him on his feet long enough to kill all of them (including Creedy), but enough rounds penetrate it to inflict fatal injuries.
- The eponymous vehicle in The War Wagon is equipped with a Gatling Gun , to complement the rifles of the escorting cowboys, in a Wild West attempt at More Dakka.
- Who Killed Captain Alex? : Whether they are mercenaries/guns for hire, Tiger Mafia goons or Ugandan Special Forces commandos, they all resort to indiscriminately blasting each other with machine guns if they get into a fight, with hip-firing that would be expected of a wannabe Rambo and aim that make you fail a basic firearms accuracy course.
- The Wild Bunch is a classic example with the climactic battle with the Bunch using a heavy machine gun, an example of the modern times they have no place in, to make one final stand for some semblance of honor like the old days.
- The chief tactic of the British in Zulu . Whatever happens, we have got/The Maxim gun and they have not.
- 1632 : The M60 machine gun that Frank Jackson "appropriated" when leaving Vietnam made quite an impression on the armies fighting the Americans and Swedes. The "lots of non-automatic guns firing" variant is employed by a Danish navy captain in bringing down Hans Richter's aircraft in 1633 . This trope is the reason that the "flying artillery" and mitrailleuse (both based on Real Life weapons) are employed by the army and navy, respectively, in an application of rapid fire within the tech base of the time.
- The M60 machine gun that Frank Jackson "appropriated" when leaving Vietnam made quite an impression on the armies fighting the Americans and Swedes.
- The "lots of non-automatic guns firing" variant is employed by a Danish navy captain in bringing down Hans Richter's aircraft in 1633 .
- This trope is the reason that the "flying artillery" and mitrailleuse (both based on Real Life weapons) are employed by the army and navy, respectively, in an application of rapid fire within the tech base of the time.
- Robert Rankin 's Armageddon II: The B-Movie makes a Running Gag out of every armed person turning up with "a rotary machine gun, like the one Blain had in Predator ." He also added a minigun to Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse for no adequately explained reason.
- The Ashtown Burials : When Dr. Phoenix discovers the vent in which Nolan is hiding, he orders two of his Mooks to direct a hail of gunfire up through the grate. After a couple of fireballs. The vent is shot half to pieces, Nolan is left charred and bleeding...but transmortal immortality is still a factor and it barely slows him down .
- In one of the Bandy Papers novels, then-disgraced WWI fighter pilot Bart Bandy joined a Canadian Bicycle Infantry Company on the Western Front during the last German offensive, which broke through the trenches and deeper into France. Every man of the company carried a Lewis Gun , a light air-cooled machine gun, allowing the unit to stop an attacking German infantry battalion in its tracks with massed firepower.
- Biggles once put in something called a zone call on a patch of woodland where a German attack force was hiding out. The result was every single weapon within ten miles firing on that one little wood. (Note: This was an actual American tactical innovation, called "all guns in range," in WWII. The Germans thought it was both crazy and extremely unfair.)
- Most criminals in Cat Girls Have Four Ears by Asi Hart have easy access to full-auto Armalite pattern weapons, ironically due to gun control. The Armalites are made in basements somewhere, and are cheaper and easier to make full-auto only. Almost everything else has been confiscated long ago. Because of this, police vehicles need to be properly armored.
- While the Vickers in Cryptonomicon doesn't have a fantastic rate of fire, it more than makes up for it in its ability to continuously fire a nonstop stream of bullets capable of tearing apart a detachment of German soldiers and mowing the grass just for the hell of it.
- The Quad in Decomposing Angel is a swiveling rig of four Dillon Aero machine-guns. It sees plenty of use.
- In The Drawing of the Three , when Balazar, a major drug lord in New York, and his cronies take on Roland (the Gunslinger) and Eddie, this trope is in effect.
- Jago does this on a few occasions in the Endgame Trilogy .
- The Fire Never Dies : Whenever a Red Army general encounters a serious obstacle, their go-to response is a massive artillery barrage (exploiting their massive advantage in industrial capacity). Sometimes it works. Sometimes it doesn't. It also results in a lot of collateral damage, such as at Salt Lake City and Wilmington.
- In the Gatling novels, Gatling carries a Light Maxim Gun that has been modified to allow him to fire it from the hip. Pretty much anyone who uses a fully automatic weapon in The Wild West qualifies using More Dakka.
- Thanks to his massive size, "Try Again" Bragg from the Gaunt's Ghosts series can carry around immense chainguns and the like, which is just as well due to the poor aim that earned him his nickname.
- Harry Harrison 's rebels in his Homeworld trilogy equip their ships with hypervelocity railcannon firing kilogram balls of aluminum (because beam weapons are useless at long range) so rapidly that the stream of cannonballs looks like a solid bar.
- The Honor Harrington books feature tribarrels, the largest of the major types of hand weapons. They seem to be essentially high-tech miniguns. Plus, military doctrine when it comes down to actually firing boils down to "put as many missiles into space as is humanly possible."
- The Shadowrun story anthology Into the Shadows has a number of examples of this trope. The best is probably in "It's All Done with Mirrors", when a junkyard is attacked with "more ordnance... than was used in all fifty-seven James Bond movies combined."
- The weaponry of the Armored Combat Suits in Legacy of the Aldenata . Rapid-fire grav-railguns that have a muzzle velocity just short of the speed of light. If the round doesn't hit something, it will continue on for a long, long time. There's also the Grim Reaper suits, which apply that principle to mortar grenades and shotguns. And the Posleen , who are a race built around More Dakka.
- In the Legion of the Damned books by William C. Dietz, it's far enough in the future that humanity is a highly advanced interstellar space-faring species. Yet humans don't have devastating energy weapons, hyper-velocity coil guns or enormous boxy guns with explosive ammo. Instead human infantry have opted for rapid-fire to the point where most handguns are actually machine pistols. For the most elite soldiers, the favored weapons is the Axer Arms L-40 Assault Weapon (a.k.a the AXE). This is a caseless 4.7mm gun if the HK G-11 and the FN P-90 had a child. It has single-fire, burst and full auto modes. 3-round burst mode can go 600 rounds a minute while full auto is at 2000 rpm.
- In the Monster Hunter International series, this is the monster hunters' standard response to monsters that don't die right away. In the Monster Hunter Memoirs spinoff series, Chad Gardenier sees nothing wrong with using light antitank rockets against especially large and powerful monsters.
- Being unabashedly in the action story genre, most of John Ringo 's Paladin of Shadows series makes heavy use of this trope, including a paean to Rule of Cool with several characters running and gunning with M60E machine guns, in Unto the Breach .
- The Perfect Run : Ryan pulls out several firearms and uses them all to try and hit Fortuna. Her powers make him miss all the shots.
- In The Powder Mage Trilogy , the powder mages' magic gives them incredible control over gunpowder and firearms. They mostly use it for Improbable Aiming Skills as their powers let them turn a musket ball into a miniature guided missile with an incredible range. However, a master like Tamas can simply toss a sack full of musket balls into the air and give each individual ball the same momentum as if was being fired from a gun. Depending on how he times it, it will have the effect of a giant shotgun firing dozens of large pellets at once or the effect of a machine gun firing them in quick succession. So you get the effect of a modern machine gun using just blackpowder and lead balls but with no actual firearm present.
- In the Prince Roger series, Rastar Komas Ta'Norton is a native of the planet Marduk. He has four arms, and consequently, four hands, each of which can hold and fire a pistol. At the same time. He does this while riding, well, a dinosaur. He can also do this with swords.
- Prolecto has this used as a solution to deal with Sonya, who is Immune to Bullets . It manages to disable her, for a bit.
- Rebuild World : While the very money conscious Akira typically fights with Ammunition Conservation in mind, after he starts using a line of Bifurcated Weapon rifles that can match a chain gun in firing rate, he resorts to this at times. When Akira is surrounded by enemies with Chameleon Camouflage , he sprays the whole area he thinks they might be with bullets. He's rewarded with blood and gore flying through the air. During The Siege of Akira's Home Base , at one point he takes Carol's camper/APC filled with his ammo outside, sets both his rifles to max firing rate, and goes to town, jumping in and out of the vehicle to keep restocking while it's driven around to the highest concentrations of enemies.
- When Akira is surrounded by enemies with Chameleon Camouflage , he sprays the whole area he thinks they might be with bullets. He's rewarded with blood and gore flying through the air.
- During The Siege of Akira's Home Base , at one point he takes Carol's camper/APC filled with his ammo outside, sets both his rifles to max firing rate, and goes to town, jumping in and out of the vehicle to keep restocking while it's driven around to the highest concentrations of enemies.
- The Salvation War appears on the surface to follow this trope, with how much hell ends up being rained down on Hell in the first book. The second book however reveals that the key element of dakka , ammo, has actually run precariously low by the end of the first book, and there's no "magic" quick-fix for rapidly rebuilding the ammo stocks any time soon. Michael-lan mentions this trope by name : Michael-Lan almost snorted with laughter. "If this was human work, you'd be dead. The favorite expressions of humans where killing is concerned are 'if some is good, more is better', 'nothing succeeds like excess' and 'more dakka'. If humans wanted to kill you, you wouldn't just be dead, your body parts would be strewn over half the Eternal City. This wasn't human work, this was somebody else."
- In Sandokan , superior firepower is the main advantage of the British, and they 'will'' use it. The titular character is a fan, too, and whenever he can he'll field Maxim machine guns.
- In Matthew Reilly 's book Scarecrow , the bounty hunting group IG-88 use electrically powered guns that supposedly fire at 10000rpm. That is 167 rounds every second, at least five times more than the average assault rifle's magazine capacity. His third novel featured the (real) G11, referred to throughout as a 'supermachine gun'. The above example, from a later book, is referred to as a 'hypermachine gun'.
- Sharpe : Sergeant Patrick Harper's signature weapon is a naval volley gun, a gun with seven barrels firing pistol bullets simultaneously that was originally designed for use in naval battles to clear enemies out of ships' rigging, but the weapon's kick was too strong for most men to handle. Good thing Harper's a Gentle Giant . Naturally, Sharpe gets to use the thing a few times himself.
- In K.C. Alexander's SINless books, corporate mercs of MetaCore favoured the Sauger 877 assault rifle (Sauger was a subsidiary of MetaCore ). It's 5.56mm caseless rounds aren't that impressive individually but it can dump 500 rounds in only a few seconds, allowing it to shred even armoured targets. This makes it a weapon of choice for battles with cyborgs that have gone "necro".
- Reason in Snow Crash , a 3mm Gatling Railgun powered by a thermonuclear reactor with a rate of fire sufficient to reduce boatloads of pirates to a fine red mist before they can blink and rip giant, gaping, molten holes through aircraft carriers.
- In Space Marine Battles , There Is No Kill Like Overkill , so seeing the Space Marines fire a wall of lead thick enough to walk on it at their enemies is something of a common sight. Basically every alien race either uses the same tactic or has weapons so powerful that individual shots are often overkill, so they have a pretty good reason for it.
- Trapped in a Dating Sim: The World of Otome Games is Tough for Mobs : In a surprising moment during the Final Battle of the Web Serial Novel version of the story, Chris goes Batman Grabs a Gun on the Sword Saint of The Empire , defeating him with multiple miniguns , since he's learned from Leon to get past his previous Crippling Overspecialization in melee . In the Marie Route Alternate Timeline , the Artificial Intelligence infused Mini-Mecha Arroganz gets a Mid-Season Upgrade to cover himself in tons of extra guns and armor to fight The Swarm of demons from what remains of the post-apocalyptic Alzer Republic. Most of the extra guns get used up and thrown out over the course of the battle (for speed).
- In a surprising moment during the Final Battle of the Web Serial Novel version of the story, Chris goes Batman Grabs a Gun on the Sword Saint of The Empire , defeating him with multiple miniguns , since he's learned from Leon to get past his previous Crippling Overspecialization in melee .
- In the Marie Route Alternate Timeline , the Artificial Intelligence infused Mini-Mecha Arroganz gets a Mid-Season Upgrade to cover himself in tons of extra guns and armor to fight The Swarm of demons from what remains of the post-apocalyptic Alzer Republic. Most of the extra guns get used up and thrown out over the course of the battle (for speed).
- After the monkeys and birds manage to outwit The Twits several times, Mr. and Mrs. Twit decide to go purchase guns and shoot them all, especially "the kind that spray a hundred bullets a second!"
- The War Against the Chtorr : The AM-280 rifle with EV-helmet and Laser Sight , firing hyper-velocity 18-grain needles at up to 3000 rounds per minute. Necessary as the unusual biology of the Chtorran worms makes them effectively Immune to Bullets ; even though the protagonist empties a couple of magazines into a rampaging Chtorran, he still doesn't kill it.
- In the Mack Maloney series Wingman , the main character retrofits his plane, the world's last F-16, to carry 6 M61-A1 Vulcans . Also featured are a pair of C-5 Galaxy cargo planes (some of the largest planes period), Nozo and Bozo . The former carries 21 GAU-8 Avenger 30mm Gatling guns, while the latter has a mixed array of artillery, grenade launchers, rocket launchers, Gatling guns, and anti-aircraft guns.
- Subverted in The Zombie Survival Guide . In the chapter on Weapons and Combat Techniques, Brooks reminds the reader that "you are going for a head shot: one bullet, precisely placed. As the machine gun is designed for saturation fire, it may take hundreds, even thousands of rounds for one, randomly lethal shot." Carried over in World War Z , where one of the many blunders made during the Battle of Yonkers was using automatic weapons in place of precision shooting.
- One episode of 1000 Ways to Die chronicles a recently-paroled thug attempting to rob a jewelry store. Because of the stocking he's wearing over his face, he goes through the wrong door and walks into a gun store . When he tries to rob the clerk, everyone in the store opens fire on him at once.
- This trope is omnipresent in Andromeda . Most ships are armed with relatively low-yield weapons (for sci-fi space warfare) with incredibly high rates of fire. This often crosses over with a Macross Missile Massacre , as kinetic missiles are also fired in huge volleys. For the ultimate example, see the Siege Perilous -class Deep Stand-off Attack Ship II (180 missile launchers, 24 point-defense laser turrets, 4 AP cannons). Its goal is to kill fleets with more dakka. In ground combat, most also tend to prefer more dakka guns with the added bonus that most such weapons fire guided drones.
- Angel has Wesley, armed with two guns, shooting at the seemingly invincible Beast repeatedly with no effect. When he runs out of ammo, he takes out another bigger gun and continues to shoot while walking closer to said enemy. It doesn't work. Wesley also shows himself to be a proficient A- and D-type even in the early days of Angel, puncturing a fast-moving canister of liquid nitrogen with a handgun in " Expecting " and pinning a loan-shark's gun-holding hand to the wall with a crossbow bolt before he can loose a shot and turning the dropped gun on his hired hands before they've drawn in " The Ring ".
- The A-Team has so much dakka that its name is written with it in the title sequence. Also, B.A. is sometimes seen wielding a machine gun as a handgun.
- In Auction Kings , Paul has sold a couple cannons, along with the usual antique guns.
- Many races in Babylon 5 can do this, but Earth Alliance and the Centauri Republic are the best at it: Earth Alliance weapons can fire with average speed and sufficient accuracy to shoot down enemy fire , while Centauri weapons fire so fast that a single Centauri warship could casually overwhelm the interceptors (the guns with that extreme accuracy) of the titular station while firing on a Narn warship and a squadron of Starfuries .
- Battlestar Galactica (2003) : The defense mechanism of the eponymous ship is to simply open fire in flak mode with all of its many hundreds of point-defence guns and main batteries in all directions simultaneously, creating a 360-degree blizzard of fire around the ship which is quite effective at obliterating anything that comes near it. Another battlestar, the Pegasus , has even more dakka, armed with frontal batteries capable of putting enormous holes in Cylon basestars. The Galactica is on the receiving end in the final battle, when they jump right next to the Cylon colony-world and immediately find themselves being hammered from three sides by quad-barreled rapid-firing cannons.
- The defense mechanism of the eponymous ship is to simply open fire in flak mode with all of its many hundreds of point-defence guns and main batteries in all directions simultaneously, creating a 360-degree blizzard of fire around the ship which is quite effective at obliterating anything that comes near it. Another battlestar, the Pegasus , has even more dakka, armed with frontal batteries capable of putting enormous holes in Cylon basestars.
- The Galactica is on the receiving end in the final battle, when they jump right next to the Cylon colony-world and immediately find themselves being hammered from three sides by quad-barreled rapid-firing cannons.
- Buffy the Vampire Slayer : Simone constantly wants bigger and better weapons.
- Burn Notice : Deconstructed in a season 3 episode when a guy attacks Michael and Sam with a MAC-10, a submachine gun that is the Real Life embodiment (Michael's voice-over rightfully calls it one of the most inaccurate guns on the planet). They dive behind cover and wait for the guy's full-auto Dakka to burn through the clip in about five seconds, then capture him when he tries to reload. Used by the CIA response team in " Down Range ". Their hostage-rescue plan is simply to give the hostage their "get on the floor NOW" duress codeword, then ventilate the entire building with three or four belt-fed light machine guns.
- Deconstructed in a season 3 episode when a guy attacks Michael and Sam with a MAC-10, a submachine gun that is the Real Life embodiment (Michael's voice-over rightfully calls it one of the most inaccurate guns on the planet). They dive behind cover and wait for the guy's full-auto Dakka to burn through the clip in about five seconds, then capture him when he tries to reload.
- Used by the CIA response team in " Down Range ". Their hostage-rescue plan is simply to give the hostage their "get on the floor NOW" duress codeword, then ventilate the entire building with three or four belt-fed light machine guns.
- One episode of CSI: Miami revolves around the bad guys stealing a gun that shoots so many rounds at once so quickly that it's called the "Vaporizer Gun". It's shown in action in the opening stinger. It's a thinly-disguised version of the Metal Storm system.
- In the Deadliest Warrior episode "Mafia vs. Yakuza", the Tommy gun completely obliterates a dummy restaurant with at least five slugs in each of the five dummies — and then they replay it in slow motion. More Dakka indeed.
- Doctor Who : In " The Family of Blood ", a Vickers machine gun is used against the Family's army of scarecrows during their attack on the school. " The Woman Who Fell to Earth " has a non-weapon example. While building her new sonic screwdriver, the Doctor prepares to melt several spoons to make the casing, and is disappointed with the handheld blowtorch available. Smash Cut to her gleefully wielding a much larger, double-nozzle torch to melt them.
- In " The Family of Blood ", a Vickers machine gun is used against the Family's army of scarecrows during their attack on the school.
- " The Woman Who Fell to Earth " has a non-weapon example. While building her new sonic screwdriver, the Doctor prepares to melt several spoons to make the casing, and is disappointed with the handheld blowtorch available. Smash Cut to her gleefully wielding a much larger, double-nozzle torch to melt them.
- Subverted in The Expanse : believing Holden to be a terrorist responsible for the destruction of Martian flagship the Donnager, the Secretary-General of Earth sends a tac team of assassins to take him out. After tailing him to a hotel lobby, they promptly unload several automatic weapons' worth of bullets at Holden and his crew. Thanks to a conveniently placed couch and the intervention of Miller , nobody ends up shot except the tac team themselves.
- Get Smart : Maxwell Smart had a 3-in-1-gun which shot to three directions at once. OK, definitely not enuff Dakka, but it was effective in that episode.
- If there is one show on TV that takes the concept of more dakka and runs with it, it has to be MythBusters . ANY episode involving firearms, explosives, incineration, or destruction in any form (and a few that don't) will be cranked up to as big and loud and damaging as possible (and possibly continue to be cranked up). An M134 minigun has been used twice on the show: once by Jamie to test the myth behind the phrase "easy as shooting fish in a barrel" (Adam: "Was that easy?" Jamie: "Yeah, pretty easy."), and once by Kari to test if it's possible to saw a tree in half with automatic fire (it is).
- The NUMB3RS episode " Arm in Arms " involves a stolen shipment of guns with a frighteningly high firing rate and muzzle velocity — from which Otto calculates that the guns will overheat and explode if they're used for more than short bursts.
- Sons of Guns lives off this trope. They once linked three M-16s together to fire simultaneously. They also built a rig to mount and fire four MG-42s at once. The client who asked for this originally wanted it to use .50 caliber Browning M2s, but changed his mind when it was calculated that a minute's ammo alone would cost thousands of dollars.
- Stargate-verse : In Stargate SG-1 , this is one of the key advantages of human projectile weapons over Goa'uld energy weapons. At least until Anubis equipped his Kull Warriors with rapid-fire staff weapons. Then the humans switched to slower firing weapons that worked on the otherwise invincible warriors. The humans also use this trope when they construct their own starships. Rather than arm them with energy weapons (that comes later since they don't know how at first), they have automatic railguns. These are used to great effect on Stargate Atlantis during the Wraith attack at the end of the first season. In the Stargate Atlantis episode " First Contact ", a group of unknown aliens are abducting some of the cast while one of them puts up a defensive shield. The Atlantis group just unloads their firearms into the shield until it finally breaks.
- In Stargate SG-1 , this is one of the key advantages of human projectile weapons over Goa'uld energy weapons. At least until Anubis equipped his Kull Warriors with rapid-fire staff weapons. Then the humans switched to slower firing weapons that worked on the otherwise invincible warriors.
- The humans also use this trope when they construct their own starships. Rather than arm them with energy weapons (that comes later since they don't know how at first), they have automatic railguns. These are used to great effect on Stargate Atlantis during the Wraith attack at the end of the first season.
- In the Stargate Atlantis episode " First Contact ", a group of unknown aliens are abducting some of the cast while one of them puts up a defensive shield. The Atlantis group just unloads their firearms into the shield until it finally breaks.
- Star Trek : In the Star Trek: The Next Generation two-parter " The Best of Both Worlds ", we see that the Enterprise -D can, indeed, boast impressive dakka. If only someone besides Worf pulled the trigger. We do get to see it in action in the Grand Finale of Star Trek: Picard with Crusher at the controls. The Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode " The Way of the Warrior " has Deep Space Nine show off the preparations Starfleet had made for the Dominion: dozens of torpedo launchers and phaser banks pop out and engage a Klingon battle fleet, pounding them with a combination of Beam Spam and Macross Missile Massacre .
- In the Star Trek: The Next Generation two-parter " The Best of Both Worlds ", we see that the Enterprise -D can, indeed, boast impressive dakka. If only someone besides Worf pulled the trigger. We do get to see it in action in the Grand Finale of Star Trek: Picard with Crusher at the controls.
- The Star Trek: Deep Space Nine episode " The Way of the Warrior " has Deep Space Nine show off the preparations Starfleet had made for the Dominion: dozens of torpedo launchers and phaser banks pop out and engage a Klingon battle fleet, pounding them with a combination of Beam Spam and Macross Missile Massacre .
- Super Sentai and Power Rangers have made it a regular feature for the Megazord, the Rangers' most often used giant robot, to gain More Dakka via combining with newer robots.
- In the Winter Olympics Special on Top Gear (UK) , Jeremy Clarkson substituted an MP5 for the usual rifle in the biathlon. Notably, he shows why this is a bad idea in reality. Against James May, who uses the standard sporting rifle, he does terribly. If you want a reference, at one point Jeremy manages to knock down a tree with his gunfire .
- In the Underbelly : A Tale of Two Cities episode "Business as Usual", Ray Chuck Bennett plans to kill the Kane brothers. He does it by purchasing three machine guns and pumping a full magazine of dakka from each into Les Kane. This was too much for even veteran mobster Bob Trimbolie.
- World on Fire : In Episode 1x7, SS troops ambush Harry and Kasia's band of resistance fighters with an MG-34 light machine gun hidden in a truckbed.
- "Another One Bites The Dust" by Queen is as fine an example of this trope as you can ask for. Machine guns are already ready to go by line 4 and go they do for the rest of the song.
- Warbringer songs sometimes have this as the main theme of their lyrics, with "Firepower Kills" being a prime example: Fully automatic, precise schematic A new breed of weaponry Yes we aspire to a higher rate of fire Superior technology
- This trope is the main premise of the aptly-named Firepower .
- Done in Mr. Game's Mac Attack — the backbox and playfield art is covered in large-bore cannons, while the player's Attack Base has eight gun barrels visible, and that's before counting the two pinball-launching cannons on the cabinet.
- Operation: Thunder is all about waging a nonstop aerial assault against the enemy, unleashing a barrage of missiles and blowing up large chunks of mountainous terrain.
- In Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines , weapons are collected by repeatedly shooting the center ramp, which provide various bonuses and increases the Assault award. Furthermore, the player must collect multiple RPGs to reach the Wizard Mode .
- Red Panda Adventures : In "Monkeyshines", the Mad Monkey's attack on the heroes takes the form of his small army of baboons with pistols surrounding them. The Flying Squirrel ponders if a bunch of monkeys can even shoot straight, only for the Red Panda to note that they don't have to because there's forty of them. The heroes avoid a shootout altogether by sleep gassing the small horde.
- On Monty Python 's Previous Record , Miss Anne Elk's prattling about her theory about dinosaurs irritates the presenter so much that he shoots her. After a beat, Miss Elk apparently is still alive, so the presenter employs a machine gun to finish the job.
- Destroy the Godmodder : Used sometimes by the technology-based players as a large attack, with many entities equipped with large numbers of machine guns. Thanks to the Alchemy system in DTG2 , ridiculously over-the-top guns can became signature weapons. Now comes in weapon form: The giga gun, which has roughly three times the fire rate of a minigun and deals the same damage as a sword that can freeze things to absolute zero. Pionoplayer's Ultimatum is the 'king' of all More Dakka weapons. Pionoplayer: MOAR DAKKAAA!!!
- BattleTech : Among all the automatic weaponry, there's the Ultra Autocannon which can be set to fire two bursts instead of one, the Federated Suns' Rotary Autocannon which can fire up to six, and the LB-X Autocannon which is a rapid-fire shotgun scaled up for a mech. The Clan Hyper-Assault Gauss is More Dakka applied to gauss weaponry. And in the BattleTech RPG, the Clans also have manportable Gauss submachine guns. P90 railguns. Proven Alien-Killing Design + Railgun Power = MORE DAKKA. The physical embodiment of dakka in the setting is probably the Bane AKA the Kraken , a bulbous, 100-ton monstrosity with ten 20mm ultra autocannons to its name (and four backup machine guns, just in case). If it really has to, it can spit out 24 shells per turn. Unlike most of the dakka examples here, it's unlikely to kill anything quickly with all those small caliber rounds, but very few opponents are likely to want to stick around for a second go, and it has the ammo, heat sinks, and armor to do it all day if it wants. The Piranha mech was designed to be the ultimate Anti-Infantry mech. As it mounts 12 machine guns which can shred standard infantry to mulch, and even be a threat to light vehicles.
- Among all the automatic weaponry, there's the Ultra Autocannon which can be set to fire two bursts instead of one, the Federated Suns' Rotary Autocannon which can fire up to six, and the LB-X Autocannon which is a rapid-fire shotgun scaled up for a mech. The Clan Hyper-Assault Gauss is More Dakka applied to gauss weaponry. And in the BattleTech RPG, the Clans also have manportable Gauss submachine guns. P90 railguns. Proven Alien-Killing Design + Railgun Power = MORE DAKKA.
- The physical embodiment of dakka in the setting is probably the Bane AKA the Kraken , a bulbous, 100-ton monstrosity with ten 20mm ultra autocannons to its name (and four backup machine guns, just in case). If it really has to, it can spit out 24 shells per turn. Unlike most of the dakka examples here, it's unlikely to kill anything quickly with all those small caliber rounds, but very few opponents are likely to want to stick around for a second go, and it has the ammo, heat sinks, and armor to do it all day if it wants.
- The Piranha mech was designed to be the ultimate Anti-Infantry mech. As it mounts 12 machine guns which can shred standard infantry to mulch, and even be a threat to light vehicles.
- Chess : The fundamental principle behind formations such as Alekhine's Gun , the aim of which is to overwhelm an opponent's defenses with sheer firepower.
- Like Shadowrun below, Cyberpunk 2020 is filled with automatic weapons to the brim, including lovable toys as miniguns and the like as Militech's Mini Gat, described on a Chromebook splatbook and being very useful to mow down large numbers of enemies with little or no armor.
- Duel Masters : Almost every creature in the Fire Civilization.
- Dungeons & Dragons : There are options for achieving this general effect. D&D 3.5 has a "mild" version which works on ranged attacks has you placing anywhere between twelve and twenty-four (depending on your interpretation of time-flow) separate attacks within a six-second timespan (one round) with a bow — by hand. The more extreme version falls within the bounds of the Spam Attack trope and features melee weapons and a positive feedback loop that essentially provides you with an infinite number of attacks within the span of a single round.
- Exalted : While the game doesn't usually indulge in this, Shards of the Exalted Dream introduced the warstorm shellcaster, which is basically a machine gun the size of a man that is powered by the rage of its inner spirit. The first rule when dealing with a Solar brandishing a warstorm shellcaster? Be somewhere else. When he pulls out Steel Sunbeam Radiance, you should probably be in another city. Preferably in another country. On a different continent.
- Feng Shui understands the need for dakka. The Autofire rules give you increased damage at the cost of an AV penalty for every three three-round bursts you throw out, and the biggest automatic weapons give you a reduced Outcome needed to put down mooks, with the biggest of the bunch being the Buro Hellharrower from the corebook and the cyber-mounted Minigun from "Gorilla Warfare," the Jammer sourcebook. Plus there are many Gun Schticks that address those in need of More Dakka, among them Both Guns Blazing and Carnival of Carnage from the main book, 10,000 Bullets and Bullet Storm from "Golden Comeback," and Who Wants Some from "Gorilla Warfare."
- GURPS Ultra-Tech has the Grav Heavy Needler, a rifle-sized weapon that fires 100 explosive armor piercing rounds per second with superscience stabilizers that give it extreme accuracy and zero recoil. Its average damage causes instant death for a normal human hit by a single round from up to a mile and a half away. A group of soldiers carrying these have almost begun the approach towards beginning to have enuff dakka.
- Infinity : This is often a useful investment. Since you can fire up to your Burst value with each attack Order, high rates of fire mean more efficient use of Orders to attack, making troops with Spitfires and heavy machine guns very scary.
- Iron Kingdoms : The hat of Cygnar in WARMACHINE . Most factions tend to put large one-shot weapons or grenade launchers on their warjacks and field artillery platforms; Cygnar will field warjacks with a minigun in each hand and machine gun emplacements that rely on volume over power.
- Jovian Chronicles has multiple examples of this. Notable examples in the personal scale are the Gauss Shotgun, which fires a rapid burst to get the multi shot effect, and a squad automatic weapon that is more than capable of cutting down an armored man with single shot, has among the highest rates of fire for a man portable weapon in game, carries hundreds of rounds of ammo, and tosses in an underslung grenade launcher for kicks . In the vehicle scale, rapid fire mass drivers are a common weapon. Even the mecha mounted sniper rifles are capable of sending out a hail of projectiles.
- New Horizon does allow for this kind of weapon... but it's prohibitively expensive.
- In Paranoia , the player characters are Troubleshooters, meaning it's their literal job description to find trouble and shoot it . This generally involves copious amounts of dakka, as well as testing experimental weapons that either provide more dakka or blow up in the face of the wielder (or frequently, both).
- Sentinels of the Multiverse : Lt. Tyler Vance, better known as the hero Bunker, pilots a suit of Powered Armor that can pump out enough dakka to match an entire battalion. BUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDABUDDA — Bunker's Turret Mode
- Shadowrun has the Vindicator minigun, loved by street samurai for the insane amount of Dakka. Usually vehicle mounted, but particularly strong trolls can use them on foot. The game is full of automatic weapons and fun ways to kill people with them. More recent editions have raised the ante by adding super -machine guns to the list of available guns, which are exactly what they sound in terms of downrange dakka dispatching.
- Traveller : Book 4 Mercenary introduced the VRF (Very Rapid Fire) Gauss Gun, an artillery weapon that fired at a rate of 4,000 rounds per minute. The ammunition bay held 30,000 rounds.
- Warhammer : While the fantasy setting never quite reaches the level of its offspring IN SPACE, the Empire and Dwarf armies feature "Helblaster Volley Guns" and "Organ Guns" respectively, medieval gatling guns apparently inspired by some of da Vinci's sketches capable of decimating the most heavily armoured units. The Skaven, however, skip straight to an all but modern version, referred to as the Ratling Gun . It has an unfortunate habit of blowing up, however. When most armies' artillery misfires, a bad roll will result in loss of the artillery piece and its crew. When Skaven artillery misfires, it tends to result in the loss of the gun, its crew, and everything in a fifty meter radius.
- Warhammer 40,000 : The Orks are the trope namer. They like their guns to be big and loud and don't really care much about accuracy . This gives them a tremendous enthusiasm for dakka. The phrase "more dakka" itself is from a weapon upgrade in an old version of Codex Orks , "Kustom Job: More Dakka". "Enuff dakka", like "enuff choppa" , is the preserve of the Ork gods, but something every Mekboy aspires to one day create. The Ork Stompa is one of the most impressive bits of gun-encrusted Greenskin overengineering. It's a vaguely humanoid heap of scrap metal, armed with four "big shoota" machine guns (one of them twin-linked for extra karnage), three grot-guided missiles (and the option for two more), a flamethrower, a deff kannon (which produces a blast the size of a dinner plate that will reduce nearly everything it hits to chunky salsa), one of the largest chainsaws in the game, and the "supa-gatler", a gatling gun so nice that it fires between two and twelve shots, three times a turn, up until a double is rolled and it runs out of ammo. Gorkanauts particular are armed with the aptly named "Deffstorm Mega-Shoota", a massive and extremely loud gatling gun that has six smaller gatling guns serving as its barrels. If you try to build a shooting-based army out of Orks, expect to take a lot of cheap, rapid-fire guns. This is because of their low ballistic skill; by statistics, 2/3rds of the dice you throw out will fail . According to some old 40k lore, an Ork Space Hulk (a small planetoid with bits of enormous wrecked spaceships, weaponry and propulsion systems fused to it) has roughly 0.1% of 'Enuff Dakka. The point of the "0.1% of 'Enuff Dakka" line is to show off that yes, Warhammer's writers DO have a sense of scale! Sizing up the Ork Spacehulk note anywhere from 4 km across to well over 16 km across; for our purposes a safe middle range would be 10 km across to the estimated 100% of 'Enuff Dakka, you would wind up with a Terra-sized planet made entirely of guns. This is "enuff" to arm the entirety of the Ork species to a comfortable level (though each Ork would naturally be demanding more, as an Ork is wont to do). The Space Marines also make regular use of this trope: The Hurricane Bolter lives this trope. It's literally six "assault rifles" glued together. We put "assault rifles" in quotes because they fire 19mm rockets instead of bullets. Some variants of Space Marine Land Raiders have two Hurricane Bolters, plus a double-mount gatling cannon PLUS either another double barreled 19mm "assault rifle" OR an anti-armor heat ray straight out of The War of the Worlds . Then fill it with about 20,000 rounds of ammunition. Then stuff eight seven-foot tall, genetically enhanced, nigh-invulnerable killing machines encased in about ten tons of Powered Armor (plus teleporters) in the back, and equip them with similar weapons. Then add a fantastically advanced AI that can operate the tank better than its crew, and cover it in claymore mines to kill anyone able to get close. Finally, pour on a complete lack of anything even remotely resembling subtlety. Then you have a Crusader-pattern Land Raider. Said super soldiers are also equipped with wrist-mounted, automatic grenade launchers. And one person in the squad can carry a gatling gun as a heavy weapon, while another can have an automatic rocket launcher . Back those up with Dreadnoughts, fallen space marines on life support and entombed in armored sarcophagi with mounted autocannons and rocket launchers... really, we could go on all day. Space Marines also have the Stalker anti-air support vehicle. Armed with an Icarus Stormcannon Array and controlled by a Servitor, the Stalker can fill the air with lead and can fire at two targets at the same time, allowing the Space Marines the arrogance of trying to fly! The Imperial Fists' variant Stormhammer has 24 barrels of death note two turrets with twin-linked Battlecannons, one with a pintle-mounted storm bolter, twin-linked heavy bolter in the hull, and eight twin-linked heavy bolters in each sponson, which can be swapped with twin-linked lascannons, heavy flamers, and multi-meltaguns . It's designed to deal with large mobs of Orks. The Dark Angels specialize in sheer volume of fire. A five-man command squad, accompanied by one of the Chapter's Librarians, can carry the Banner of Devastation, a banner so glorious and zeal-inspiring that it encourages our men to fire their Boltguns (the aforementioned 19mm automatic grenade launchers) twice as fast as anyone else; the Librarian can further allow a specified unit to do so and re-roll misses. Thus, with a ten-man squad next to the Command Squad, that amounts to sixty shots from fifteen men. Given the minimum requirement for an army is two sets of "troops", that would be another ten-man squad, for a total of 100 shots, with likely forty of those re-rolling if missed. Park a Land Raider Crusader next to them and it fires twenty-four shots from its Hurricane Bolters and a further four from the cannon on top. Then there's also the chapter-specific Mortis Dreadnought which forgoes a Dreadnought close combat weapon in exchange for another ranged weapon. The Blood Angels get in on the action somewhat with the addition of their chapter-specific Baal Predator, which exchanges the Predator's main gun for twin-linked Assault Cannons . The Imperial Guard also requires the use of very large numbers of guns — not because of poor accuracy, but because their guns are literally the worst in the setting but dirt cheap. It's not uncommon to see someone throw over 100 dice every shooting phase, especially if you get within rapid fire range... The Guard's Leman Russ Punisher Tank Has a main gun capable of putting out 20 shots a turn, has a three-shot gun in the hull, can take two more sponson mounted three-shot guns, and a pintle mounted three-shot gun, all totaling out to a whopping thirty-two shots per turn, which is about 50% more than your average squad of assault rifle-wielding soldiers. Being and Imperial Guard tank, you can take a three-vehicle squadron of them, totaling out to one unit putting out a whopping 96 shots per turn, which is more than some entire armies do, or three squadrons , totalling nine — or eighteen if you are playing a large enough game — regulating in a ludicrous amount of fire per turn. The Vulture mounts two of the same gun on an airplane , and can be taken in squadrons of three at almost the same price. The Emperor's Fist Tank Company allows you to field up to 12 Leman Russes (four squadrons of 3) in a single army and little else. Yes this allows you to take the Punishers as well. That's a total of 384 shots per turn with the above loadout. On top of this, the formation gives increased accuracy to the Leman Russes, so far more of those shots will hit. You can add to it by upgrading it to a full Cadian Detachment by adding another squad of Leman Russes commanded by a Commander, upping the shot count to 480 . Meet the Baneblade, one of the biggest, baddest tanks the Imperium can offer, which mounts 11 barrels of death. note a Battlecannon with coaxial autocannon in the turret, a hull-mounted Demolisher cannon & twin-linked heavy bolter, and a lascannon & twin-linked heavy bolter in each sponson Every single army during the 6th edition found itself in a precarious position with the introduction of Flyers, which were hard to hit due to the rule that all non-Skyfire shots fired at them would be snapshots (only hitting on a roll of a 6 on a 6 sided dice). As Skyfire itself is new, no models at the time had it. The only army that wasn't fazed by this was the Imperial Guard and the Orks, who had means of putting enough firepower into the air that they simply did not care about how impossible the odds were; they were only slightly worse than the conditions they're already used to! The Eldar also get in on this. Their primary weapon is called a Shuriken Catapult, and with good reason. It fires thousands monomolecular shurikens from an electromagnetic launcher in about 3 seconds. The Tau, look at the other races of the 40k'verse, shake their heads with a sense of disappointment and sadness over their foe's refusal to join them, then begin the shooting phase with at least 8+ marker lights (laser designators, which Imperium of Man have taken to calling Valkyrie's Marks). This simply is the precursor to the oncoming storm that begins with squads firing twin barrel plasma projecting "Pulse Rifles" and Ion based weaponry, before it ramps up with a enormous barrage of guided missiles that would have any Macross fan nodding with approval. It concludes then with Railguns that can punch clean through a Leman Russ tanks, and turns the unfortunate crew inside into unrecognizable pink paste . And it only goes up from there with. Apocalypse has Super Heavy Warmachines. The above weaponry? Weak and laughable! A Missile that removes a huge portion of anything on the battlefield from reality ? Now we're talking! An attack from planetary bombardment weaponry from an orbiting ship above makes the old infamous and popular Imperial Guard squadron of 3 Basilisk long range Self-Propelled Guns look tame. While not quite up to the levels above, the aptly named Dakkafex is a Carnifex (normally a tank-busting dino-beetle) armed with two sets of Twin-Linked Devourers (with extra brainleech worms!). This allows it to put out twelve twin linked shots a turn or, in laymen's terms, fire twenty-four little maggots in the same time an assault rifle fires two rounds. Much like the Imperial Guard Leman Russ, you can take them in broods of three, giving you plenty of squishy squirmy worm dakka (that is surprisingly good at taking down aircraft)! With the elimination of the Twin-Linked rule in 8th edition, the Dakkafex now flat out rolls 24 dice for it's four devourers, allowing it to outshoot a Leman Russ Punisher (a tank with a mounted gatting gun for a turret). As an added bonus, the Dakkafex now also has access to the Enhanced Senses rule, so not only is it's firepower doubled, it's also way more accurate now. The dakka-flyrant. This has roughly the same loadout, with an added EMP bug flamethrower, and the ability to charge other aircraft and tanks, makes this one of the best, if not the best, flying monstrous creature in the game. Chaos, not being left out of the fun, comes in with the Forgefiend Daemonengine. Mounting not one, but TWO Hades Autocannons, this freak of un-nature can fire eight autocannon shots per turn. That's eight heavy caliber armor piercing shots in the same time as the aforementioned assault rifle fires two shots. If that's not enough to utterly flatten whatever it's looking at, you can opt to trade it's cannons and it's face for Ecto-plasmic cannons, which are essentially three overcharged plasma cannons firing in tandem. And all of this is mounted on what is essentially a robo-demon-dinosaur. The only thing that makes it tame compared to others is that you can't take it in squadrons, severely limiting how many you can deploy... unless you go with the Khorne Daemonkin and basically gain the ability to field up to 8 of these beauties. Taken to its logical, comical degree in 8th edition with the initial Conscript rules; at three points a pop a single conscript is nothing to write home about. But this edition means that any weapon can harm anything, just that you are rolling on 6's. But conscripts now can receive orders just like normal guardsmen, and their one weakness (their pisspoor Leadership) can be completely negated by a nearby Commissar. Cue people using conscripts to literally drown anything and everything in a flurry of disco-light-shows. On top of that, it's calculated that an equal points amount of Conscripts, Platoon Commanders and Commissars can not only withstand the power of a Warlord Titan (the biggest warmachine in the setting that actually has tabletop rules, with anything bigger requiring less a mini and more getting someone to cosplay as the unit and stand on the board), but also kill it in roughly 3 turns with only half casualties .
- The Orks are the trope namer. They like their guns to be big and loud and don't really care much about accuracy . This gives them a tremendous enthusiasm for dakka. The phrase "more dakka" itself is from a weapon upgrade in an old version of Codex Orks , "Kustom Job: More Dakka". "Enuff dakka", like "enuff choppa" , is the preserve of the Ork gods, but something every Mekboy aspires to one day create. The Ork Stompa is one of the most impressive bits of gun-encrusted Greenskin overengineering. It's a vaguely humanoid heap of scrap metal, armed with four "big shoota" machine guns (one of them twin-linked for extra karnage), three grot-guided missiles (and the option for two more), a flamethrower, a deff kannon (which produces a blast the size of a dinner plate that will reduce nearly everything it hits to chunky salsa), one of the largest chainsaws in the game, and the "supa-gatler", a gatling gun so nice that it fires between two and twelve shots, three times a turn, up until a double is rolled and it runs out of ammo. Gorkanauts particular are armed with the aptly named "Deffstorm Mega-Shoota", a massive and extremely loud gatling gun that has six smaller gatling guns serving as its barrels. If you try to build a shooting-based army out of Orks, expect to take a lot of cheap, rapid-fire guns. This is because of their low ballistic skill; by statistics, 2/3rds of the dice you throw out will fail . According to some old 40k lore, an Ork Space Hulk (a small planetoid with bits of enormous wrecked spaceships, weaponry and propulsion systems fused to it) has roughly 0.1% of 'Enuff Dakka. The point of the "0.1% of 'Enuff Dakka" line is to show off that yes, Warhammer's writers DO have a sense of scale! Sizing up the Ork Spacehulk note anywhere from 4 km across to well over 16 km across; for our purposes a safe middle range would be 10 km across to the estimated 100% of 'Enuff Dakka, you would wind up with a Terra-sized planet made entirely of guns. This is "enuff" to arm the entirety of the Ork species to a comfortable level (though each Ork would naturally be demanding more, as an Ork is wont to do).
- The Ork Stompa is one of the most impressive bits of gun-encrusted Greenskin overengineering. It's a vaguely humanoid heap of scrap metal, armed with four "big shoota" machine guns (one of them twin-linked for extra karnage), three grot-guided missiles (and the option for two more), a flamethrower, a deff kannon (which produces a blast the size of a dinner plate that will reduce nearly everything it hits to chunky salsa), one of the largest chainsaws in the game, and the "supa-gatler", a gatling gun so nice that it fires between two and twelve shots, three times a turn, up until a double is rolled and it runs out of ammo.
- Gorkanauts particular are armed with the aptly named "Deffstorm Mega-Shoota", a massive and extremely loud gatling gun that has six smaller gatling guns serving as its barrels.
- If you try to build a shooting-based army out of Orks, expect to take a lot of cheap, rapid-fire guns. This is because of their low ballistic skill; by statistics, 2/3rds of the dice you throw out will fail .
- According to some old 40k lore, an Ork Space Hulk (a small planetoid with bits of enormous wrecked spaceships, weaponry and propulsion systems fused to it) has roughly 0.1% of 'Enuff Dakka. The point of the "0.1% of 'Enuff Dakka" line is to show off that yes, Warhammer's writers DO have a sense of scale! Sizing up the Ork Spacehulk note anywhere from 4 km across to well over 16 km across; for our purposes a safe middle range would be 10 km across to the estimated 100% of 'Enuff Dakka, you would wind up with a Terra-sized planet made entirely of guns. This is "enuff" to arm the entirety of the Ork species to a comfortable level (though each Ork would naturally be demanding more, as an Ork is wont to do).
- The Space Marines also make regular use of this trope: The Hurricane Bolter lives this trope. It's literally six "assault rifles" glued together. We put "assault rifles" in quotes because they fire 19mm rockets instead of bullets. Some variants of Space Marine Land Raiders have two Hurricane Bolters, plus a double-mount gatling cannon PLUS either another double barreled 19mm "assault rifle" OR an anti-armor heat ray straight out of The War of the Worlds . Then fill it with about 20,000 rounds of ammunition. Then stuff eight seven-foot tall, genetically enhanced, nigh-invulnerable killing machines encased in about ten tons of Powered Armor (plus teleporters) in the back, and equip them with similar weapons. Then add a fantastically advanced AI that can operate the tank better than its crew, and cover it in claymore mines to kill anyone able to get close. Finally, pour on a complete lack of anything even remotely resembling subtlety. Then you have a Crusader-pattern Land Raider. Said super soldiers are also equipped with wrist-mounted, automatic grenade launchers. And one person in the squad can carry a gatling gun as a heavy weapon, while another can have an automatic rocket launcher . Back those up with Dreadnoughts, fallen space marines on life support and entombed in armored sarcophagi with mounted autocannons and rocket launchers... really, we could go on all day. Space Marines also have the Stalker anti-air support vehicle. Armed with an Icarus Stormcannon Array and controlled by a Servitor, the Stalker can fill the air with lead and can fire at two targets at the same time, allowing the Space Marines the arrogance of trying to fly! The Imperial Fists' variant Stormhammer has 24 barrels of death note two turrets with twin-linked Battlecannons, one with a pintle-mounted storm bolter, twin-linked heavy bolter in the hull, and eight twin-linked heavy bolters in each sponson, which can be swapped with twin-linked lascannons, heavy flamers, and multi-meltaguns . It's designed to deal with large mobs of Orks. The Dark Angels specialize in sheer volume of fire. A five-man command squad, accompanied by one of the Chapter's Librarians, can carry the Banner of Devastation, a banner so glorious and zeal-inspiring that it encourages our men to fire their Boltguns (the aforementioned 19mm automatic grenade launchers) twice as fast as anyone else; the Librarian can further allow a specified unit to do so and re-roll misses. Thus, with a ten-man squad next to the Command Squad, that amounts to sixty shots from fifteen men. Given the minimum requirement for an army is two sets of "troops", that would be another ten-man squad, for a total of 100 shots, with likely forty of those re-rolling if missed. Park a Land Raider Crusader next to them and it fires twenty-four shots from its Hurricane Bolters and a further four from the cannon on top. Then there's also the chapter-specific Mortis Dreadnought which forgoes a Dreadnought close combat weapon in exchange for another ranged weapon. The Blood Angels get in on the action somewhat with the addition of their chapter-specific Baal Predator, which exchanges the Predator's main gun for twin-linked Assault Cannons .
- The Hurricane Bolter lives this trope. It's literally six "assault rifles" glued together. We put "assault rifles" in quotes because they fire 19mm rockets instead of bullets. Some variants of Space Marine Land Raiders have two Hurricane Bolters, plus a double-mount gatling cannon PLUS either another double barreled 19mm "assault rifle" OR an anti-armor heat ray straight out of The War of the Worlds . Then fill it with about 20,000 rounds of ammunition.
- Then stuff eight seven-foot tall, genetically enhanced, nigh-invulnerable killing machines encased in about ten tons of Powered Armor (plus teleporters) in the back, and equip them with similar weapons. Then add a fantastically advanced AI that can operate the tank better than its crew, and cover it in claymore mines to kill anyone able to get close. Finally, pour on a complete lack of anything even remotely resembling subtlety. Then you have a Crusader-pattern Land Raider.
- Said super soldiers are also equipped with wrist-mounted, automatic grenade launchers. And one person in the squad can carry a gatling gun as a heavy weapon, while another can have an automatic rocket launcher . Back those up with Dreadnoughts, fallen space marines on life support and entombed in armored sarcophagi with mounted autocannons and rocket launchers... really, we could go on all day.
- Space Marines also have the Stalker anti-air support vehicle. Armed with an Icarus Stormcannon Array and controlled by a Servitor, the Stalker can fill the air with lead and can fire at two targets at the same time, allowing the Space Marines the arrogance of trying to fly!
- The Imperial Fists' variant Stormhammer has 24 barrels of death note two turrets with twin-linked Battlecannons, one with a pintle-mounted storm bolter, twin-linked heavy bolter in the hull, and eight twin-linked heavy bolters in each sponson, which can be swapped with twin-linked lascannons, heavy flamers, and multi-meltaguns . It's designed to deal with large mobs of Orks.
- The Dark Angels specialize in sheer volume of fire. A five-man command squad, accompanied by one of the Chapter's Librarians, can carry the Banner of Devastation, a banner so glorious and zeal-inspiring that it encourages our men to fire their Boltguns (the aforementioned 19mm automatic grenade launchers) twice as fast as anyone else; the Librarian can further allow a specified unit to do so and re-roll misses. Thus, with a ten-man squad next to the Command Squad, that amounts to sixty shots from fifteen men. Given the minimum requirement for an army is two sets of "troops", that would be another ten-man squad, for a total of 100 shots, with likely forty of those re-rolling if missed. Park a Land Raider Crusader next to them and it fires twenty-four shots from its Hurricane Bolters and a further four from the cannon on top. Then there's also the chapter-specific Mortis Dreadnought which forgoes a Dreadnought close combat weapon in exchange for another ranged weapon.
- The Blood Angels get in on the action somewhat with the addition of their chapter-specific Baal Predator, which exchanges the Predator's main gun for twin-linked Assault Cannons .
- The Imperial Guard also requires the use of very large numbers of guns — not because of poor accuracy, but because their guns are literally the worst in the setting but dirt cheap. It's not uncommon to see someone throw over 100 dice every shooting phase, especially if you get within rapid fire range... The Guard's Leman Russ Punisher Tank Has a main gun capable of putting out 20 shots a turn, has a three-shot gun in the hull, can take two more sponson mounted three-shot guns, and a pintle mounted three-shot gun, all totaling out to a whopping thirty-two shots per turn, which is about 50% more than your average squad of assault rifle-wielding soldiers. Being and Imperial Guard tank, you can take a three-vehicle squadron of them, totaling out to one unit putting out a whopping 96 shots per turn, which is more than some entire armies do, or three squadrons , totalling nine — or eighteen if you are playing a large enough game — regulating in a ludicrous amount of fire per turn. The Vulture mounts two of the same gun on an airplane , and can be taken in squadrons of three at almost the same price. The Emperor's Fist Tank Company allows you to field up to 12 Leman Russes (four squadrons of 3) in a single army and little else. Yes this allows you to take the Punishers as well. That's a total of 384 shots per turn with the above loadout. On top of this, the formation gives increased accuracy to the Leman Russes, so far more of those shots will hit. You can add to it by upgrading it to a full Cadian Detachment by adding another squad of Leman Russes commanded by a Commander, upping the shot count to 480 . Meet the Baneblade, one of the biggest, baddest tanks the Imperium can offer, which mounts 11 barrels of death. note a Battlecannon with coaxial autocannon in the turret, a hull-mounted Demolisher cannon & twin-linked heavy bolter, and a lascannon & twin-linked heavy bolter in each sponson
- The Guard's Leman Russ Punisher Tank Has a main gun capable of putting out 20 shots a turn, has a three-shot gun in the hull, can take two more sponson mounted three-shot guns, and a pintle mounted three-shot gun, all totaling out to a whopping thirty-two shots per turn, which is about 50% more than your average squad of assault rifle-wielding soldiers. Being and Imperial Guard tank, you can take a three-vehicle squadron of them, totaling out to one unit putting out a whopping 96 shots per turn, which is more than some entire armies do, or three squadrons , totalling nine — or eighteen if you are playing a large enough game — regulating in a ludicrous amount of fire per turn.
- The Vulture mounts two of the same gun on an airplane , and can be taken in squadrons of three at almost the same price.
- The Emperor's Fist Tank Company allows you to field up to 12 Leman Russes (four squadrons of 3) in a single army and little else. Yes this allows you to take the Punishers as well. That's a total of 384 shots per turn with the above loadout. On top of this, the formation gives increased accuracy to the Leman Russes, so far more of those shots will hit. You can add to it by upgrading it to a full Cadian Detachment by adding another squad of Leman Russes commanded by a Commander, upping the shot count to 480 .
- Meet the Baneblade, one of the biggest, baddest tanks the Imperium can offer, which mounts 11 barrels of death. note a Battlecannon with coaxial autocannon in the turret, a hull-mounted Demolisher cannon & twin-linked heavy bolter, and a lascannon & twin-linked heavy bolter in each sponson
- Every single army during the 6th edition found itself in a precarious position with the introduction of Flyers, which were hard to hit due to the rule that all non-Skyfire shots fired at them would be snapshots (only hitting on a roll of a 6 on a 6 sided dice). As Skyfire itself is new, no models at the time had it. The only army that wasn't fazed by this was the Imperial Guard and the Orks, who had means of putting enough firepower into the air that they simply did not care about how impossible the odds were; they were only slightly worse than the conditions they're already used to!
- The Eldar also get in on this. Their primary weapon is called a Shuriken Catapult, and with good reason. It fires thousands monomolecular shurikens from an electromagnetic launcher in about 3 seconds.
- The Tau, look at the other races of the 40k'verse, shake their heads with a sense of disappointment and sadness over their foe's refusal to join them, then begin the shooting phase with at least 8+ marker lights (laser designators, which Imperium of Man have taken to calling Valkyrie's Marks). This simply is the precursor to the oncoming storm that begins with squads firing twin barrel plasma projecting "Pulse Rifles" and Ion based weaponry, before it ramps up with a enormous barrage of guided missiles that would have any Macross fan nodding with approval. It concludes then with Railguns that can punch clean through a Leman Russ tanks, and turns the unfortunate crew inside into unrecognizable pink paste .
- And it only goes up from there with. Apocalypse has Super Heavy Warmachines. The above weaponry? Weak and laughable! A Missile that removes a huge portion of anything on the battlefield from reality ? Now we're talking! An attack from planetary bombardment weaponry from an orbiting ship above makes the old infamous and popular Imperial Guard squadron of 3 Basilisk long range Self-Propelled Guns look tame.
- While not quite up to the levels above, the aptly named Dakkafex is a Carnifex (normally a tank-busting dino-beetle) armed with two sets of Twin-Linked Devourers (with extra brainleech worms!). This allows it to put out twelve twin linked shots a turn or, in laymen's terms, fire twenty-four little maggots in the same time an assault rifle fires two rounds. Much like the Imperial Guard Leman Russ, you can take them in broods of three, giving you plenty of squishy squirmy worm dakka (that is surprisingly good at taking down aircraft)!
- With the elimination of the Twin-Linked rule in 8th edition, the Dakkafex now flat out rolls 24 dice for it's four devourers, allowing it to outshoot a Leman Russ Punisher (a tank with a mounted gatting gun for a turret). As an added bonus, the Dakkafex now also has access to the Enhanced Senses rule, so not only is it's firepower doubled, it's also way more accurate now.
- The dakka-flyrant. This has roughly the same loadout, with an added EMP bug flamethrower, and the ability to charge other aircraft and tanks, makes this one of the best, if not the best, flying monstrous creature in the game.
- Chaos, not being left out of the fun, comes in with the Forgefiend Daemonengine. Mounting not one, but TWO Hades Autocannons, this freak of un-nature can fire eight autocannon shots per turn. That's eight heavy caliber armor piercing shots in the same time as the aforementioned assault rifle fires two shots. If that's not enough to utterly flatten whatever it's looking at, you can opt to trade it's cannons and it's face for Ecto-plasmic cannons, which are essentially three overcharged plasma cannons firing in tandem. And all of this is mounted on what is essentially a robo-demon-dinosaur. The only thing that makes it tame compared to others is that you can't take it in squadrons, severely limiting how many you can deploy... unless you go with the Khorne Daemonkin and basically gain the ability to field up to 8 of these beauties.
- Taken to its logical, comical degree in 8th edition with the initial Conscript rules; at three points a pop a single conscript is nothing to write home about. But this edition means that any weapon can harm anything, just that you are rolling on 6's. But conscripts now can receive orders just like normal guardsmen, and their one weakness (their pisspoor Leadership) can be completely negated by a nearby Commissar. Cue people using conscripts to literally drown anything and everything in a flurry of disco-light-shows. On top of that, it's calculated that an equal points amount of Conscripts, Platoon Commanders and Commissars can not only withstand the power of a Warlord Titan (the biggest warmachine in the setting that actually has tabletop rules, with anything bigger requiring less a mini and more getting someone to cosplay as the unit and stand on the board), but also kill it in roughly 3 turns with only half casualties .
- While the rest of the Toa Mahri in BIONICLE carry swords, shields, spears or battle talons in addition to their humongous Cordak Gatling guns , Kongu's set comes with two Cordak launchers instead. His in-story reasoning is that in a war, two guns are simply more useful than fancy close-combat weapons.
- Less realistic vehicles from the G.I. Joe line are festooned with guns. The Rolling Thunder , for example, has two heavy missiles each with six cluster bombs, a turret-mounted cannon with several missiles attached, a chin-mounted laser cannon, twin .50s over the cockpit, and four twin laser cannons to the sides. It also carries two detachable vehicles — a rack of six more missiles and a mini-tank with twin machine guns. And if that wasn't enough, some of the toys from that line also feature 3 mm bars for the older C-jointed weapons to clip onto, which adds yet another layer of weaponing to the already ridiculously overarmed figure.
- The Johnny Seven O.M.A. (One Man Army), a toy from the 1960s, was seven toy weapons in one, including an assault rifle, pistol, grenade launcher, etc.
- The Hasbro Nerf (Brand) seem to be obsessed with getting plastic toy dart guns to throw as many foam darts as possible in the shortest time. The current highest rate of fire from Nerf as of 2018 is the Hyperfire , which fires fully automatically at 5 rounds per second, or 300 rounds per minute!
- The current highest rate of fire from Nerf as of 2018 is the Hyperfire , which fires fully automatically at 5 rounds per second, or 300 rounds per minute!
- The line of Transformers for Dark of the Moon seems to encourage this with Mech Tech Weapons. The gimmick of the line is transformable guns, becoming bigger guns or melee weapons. Each figure has 5mm ports on their bodies and vehicle modes for the arming of additional weapons. Voyager Class figures take it a step further, with their guns having 5mm ports in addition to having ports on their bodies. One could have a gun covered in more guns wielded by a robot covered in even more guns.
- Zoids has Gunbluster and Brastle Tiger. At first glance, Brastle Tiger looks underarmed with only one gun on its chest visible. Upon opening up its armor, every damn part of it is a thermic laser that also is designed to melt its targets. On the other hand, Gunbluster is just mobile gun battery with twenty different types of guns.
- Dead Fantasy has Yuna unleashing a storm of bullets that even the most hardened Bullet Hell veteran would be unable to dodge after Tifa provides the team with some handy Haste magic.
- DEATH BATTLE! : The fight between Deadpool and The Mask starts with Bighead pulling out 2 balloon guns, which inflate and pop to reveal an absolutely absurd array of guns and explosives.
- DSBT InsaniT : Robo-Wolf can shoot a flurry of bullets from its nose . ???'s Guardromon Mooks can fire a flurry of bullets from their hands to attack.
- Robo-Wolf can shoot a flurry of bullets from its nose .
- ???'s Guardromon Mooks can fire a flurry of bullets from their hands to attack.
- Discussed in If the Emperor Had a Text-to-Speech Device , a work based on the Trope Namer Warhammer 40,000 , during one of the Fourth-Wall Mail Slot episodes, where the Emperor himself weighs in on whether there is such a thing as enough dakka. Emperor: At the point in time when bullets can pass through the interdimensional walls, when firepower takes up the entirety and eternity of space and time, all being stuck in a never-ending life and death cycle as bullets recover and destroy their bodies in quick succession, no one able to think about anything but the sheer force of the bullets rapidly flying literally everywhere in the materium, turning the warp itself into nothing but a sea of semi-automatic weaponry. Then there will be enough dakka. [ Beat ] Or at least almost.
- RWBY : The weapons of both robots, such as the Atlesian Knights (who fire a hail of bullets from their fingertips) and people, are capable of overkill where firing ammo is concerned. Huntsmen often have weapons that look traditional or old-fashioned, such as axes, maces, hammers, javelins, blades, etc. However, most of them are made out of modern technology and will transform into various types of firearms. Examples include Ruby's scythe which is also a high-impact sniper rifle or Nora's war-hammer, which is also a grenade launcher. The fashionable Coco's handbag transforms into a rotary cannon, and Dr. Oobleck's thermos flash transforms into a flame-thrower. The exceptions seem to be Jaune and the Malachite sisters. Jaune's weapon is a sword and collapsible shield that either function as a traditional sword and shield or can combine into a dual-edged sword. The sisters rely on claw weapons and bladed heels. Random Fan: Is there going to be any weapon that does not somehow have a gun in it? Kerry Shawcross : Why would you want that?
- Ranger from 8-Bit Theater manages to achieve this by firing three arrows from one bow. While quad-wielding . This broke Sarda's brain.
- A Beginner's Guide to the End of the Universe has the protagonist upgrade his cybernetic canine companion by giving her a badass built-in minigun.
- Bob and George : "More Ammunition Than God" in the subcomic Jailhouse Blues , obtained from Obviously Compensating for Something ... ahem, Artillery Man .
- Dead Winter : Very useful against zombies , as shown in this page .
- Sora Jeon of Forestdale prefers a 'quantity over quality' approach to snowball fights; rolling up in high tech snow tanks that can pelt any form of opposition with dozens upon dozens of snowballs in a matter of seconds.
- FreakAngels : One character has a steam-powered gatling gun that fires massive metal arrows.
- The mice during the demon's invasion in Furmentation call in for more dakka when their mommoths...are dwarfed by what appears to be a Charizard.
- Homestuck : Lord English's pool cue cane can transform into a "super deudly" assault rifle with which he proceeds to go BRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKA on poor Hussie. When Caliborn (who is all but confirmed to be the young Lord English) is exploring his land, he comes across Gamzee, who offers to be his guide. The two options both are just a picture of Caliborn's face. Whichever one you pick, it ends the same way: with Caliborn filling Gamzee with bullets over four successive Flash animations. While elevator music plays in the background .
- Lord English's pool cue cane can transform into a "super deudly" assault rifle with which he proceeds to go BRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKABRAKA on poor Hussie.
- When Caliborn (who is all but confirmed to be the young Lord English) is exploring his land, he comes across Gamzee, who offers to be his guide. The two options both are just a picture of Caliborn's face. Whichever one you pick, it ends the same way: with Caliborn filling Gamzee with bullets over four successive Flash animations. While elevator music plays in the background .
- Jericho Jive definitely has more Brakka .
- Vulcan Raven's take on the subject in good old The Last Days of FOXHOUND : "Subtlety is a thing for philosophy, not combat. If you're going to kill somebody, you might as well kill them a whole lot."
- Shauna from Legostar Galactica wields a minigun in this strip . It even goes "Dakka dakka dakka dakka"
- Schlock Mercenary has "The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries" which includes such rules as: Maxim 34: If you're leaving scorch marks, you need a bigger gun. Maxim 37: There is no 'overkill'. There is only 'open fire' and 'I need to reload'. Schlock Mercenary also has such things as this little gem . The note says it all: Note : The rotating barrel assembly on the Strohl Munitions Short-barrel handcannon may give the user a wicked pinch if the weapon is held incorrectly. This makes it an unpopular selection for many military forces. Also, it can be configured to send anywhere between five hundred and five thousand projectiles per minute downrange with great accuracy, making it an exceedingly unpopular selection for the enemies of many military forces. And Schlock is being congratulated for bringing a shotgun under the idea that it would help keep things from spiraling out of control (especially compared to the weapons he prefers). He didn't: he brought the Short-barrel. And six cases of ammo . note Schlock makes a decent attempt at using most of the ammo, too. It's partially due to having problems with the automated range-finder being unable to properly compensate for the nature of the environment (it's a "rotating reference frame"; they're on a spinning space station, and the gun's computer isn't "smart" enough to perform the calculations), meaning he ends up walking his shots, but still. The spaceship designers know that principle too .
- Maxim 34: If you're leaving scorch marks, you need a bigger gun.
- Maxim 37: There is no 'overkill'. There is only 'open fire' and 'I need to reload'.
- Schlock Mercenary also has such things as this little gem . The note says it all: Note : The rotating barrel assembly on the Strohl Munitions Short-barrel handcannon may give the user a wicked pinch if the weapon is held incorrectly. This makes it an unpopular selection for many military forces. Also, it can be configured to send anywhere between five hundred and five thousand projectiles per minute downrange with great accuracy, making it an exceedingly unpopular selection for the enemies of many military forces. And Schlock is being congratulated for bringing a shotgun under the idea that it would help keep things from spiraling out of control (especially compared to the weapons he prefers). He didn't: he brought the Short-barrel. And six cases of ammo . note Schlock makes a decent attempt at using most of the ammo, too. It's partially due to having problems with the automated range-finder being unable to properly compensate for the nature of the environment (it's a "rotating reference frame"; they're on a spinning space station, and the gun's computer isn't "smart" enough to perform the calculations), meaning he ends up walking his shots, but still.
- And Schlock is being congratulated for bringing a shotgun under the idea that it would help keep things from spiraling out of control (especially compared to the weapons he prefers). He didn't: he brought the Short-barrel. And six cases of ammo . note Schlock makes a decent attempt at using most of the ammo, too. It's partially due to having problems with the automated range-finder being unable to properly compensate for the nature of the environment (it's a "rotating reference frame"; they're on a spinning space station, and the gun's computer isn't "smart" enough to perform the calculations), meaning he ends up walking his shots, but still.
- The spaceship designers know that principle too .
- Riff from Sluggy Freelance is a big believer in having more dakka. His opinion on a truck full of shotguns, grenades, laser cannons, and stake-firing Gatling guns ? "Party favors."
- The Whiteboard has much fun with this trope. During the Zombie Apocalypse storyline in 2010, Doc and Roger roll out in the APC from Aliens , with 50,000 rounds of .50cal ammo for the turret guns. It's not specified, but given their propensity towards spam attacks , it's doubtful much (if any) of that was left by the time they were done ripping up the zombie hordes. Regular paintball guns also get this kind of attention, though much of what's portrayed in the strip would be completely illegal on any reputable paintball field on the planet—and the characters are often called out on them. Deconstructed with Rainman, who's trash talk is said to drown out his wallet's screams for mercy. On the other end, Bandit is either an inversion or aversion, as he DEFINITELY believes in "enuff dakka".
- During the Zombie Apocalypse storyline in 2010, Doc and Roger roll out in the APC from Aliens , with 50,000 rounds of .50cal ammo for the turret guns. It's not specified, but given their propensity towards spam attacks , it's doubtful much (if any) of that was left by the time they were done ripping up the zombie hordes.
- Regular paintball guns also get this kind of attention, though much of what's portrayed in the strip would be completely illegal on any reputable paintball field on the planet—and the characters are often called out on them.
- Deconstructed with Rainman, who's trash talk is said to drown out his wallet's screams for mercy. On the other end, Bandit is either an inversion or aversion, as he DEFINITELY believes in "enuff dakka".
- This ◊ parody motivational poster. "Brute Force: If it doesn't work, you're just not using enough."
- This pic illustrates this trope when combined with an incredibly lame pun .
- From the pages of DeviantArt , we get the NED . More Dakka indeed.
- In one episode of Dragon Ball Z Abridged , Vegeta screams "Dakka, dakka, dakka!" while doing a Beam Spam attack.
- The FTO rely on this in the KateModern episode "Answers", spraying bullets everywhere while yelling "We will bring down the Order!" They still manage to screw up .
- Yuro demonstrates the Austin 's rapid fire using its Main Battery Reload Booster on a Hindenburg , with SAP shells galore.
- Æon Flux was introduced in her first short on Liquid Television producing a notable amount of dakka—also featuring close-ups of the weapon and ejected shell casings.
- Angel Wars : Several angelic vehicles have this, in particular the hover-tanks. Interestingly, the barrels rotate vertically instead of rotating along the axis of the line of fire, probably just to look cool .
- In an episode of Aqua Teen Hunger Force , Carl, after being harassed by a murderous family of robotic Cloudcuckoolanders , asks them to play "Count the Bullets". Then he whips out the minigun. As many people didn't consider the short clip to contain enough dakka, one YouTuber created a ten minute version. The robots don't consider it enough dakka, either: they eagerly report the number of bullets (15,943) and ask for more, claiming that bullets are like vitamins to them.
- In Ben 10: Alien Force , an "engineer" for the Forever Knights designed a "space ship" that's just a cockpit and frame with every alien weapon they owned stuck onto it.
- Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers sometimes puts quite some dakka into the paws of chipmunks. "Le Purrfect Crime" has a nice Rambo - meets - Predator spoof: After suffering from Laser-Guided Amnesia , Dale is turned into RamDale by giving him a crank-operated coffee bean gun, the Decaffeinator , with an ammo container that he carries on his back. In "Good Times, Bat Times", the Rangers bring the dakka themselves: The Bagpipe Express , quickly cobbled together by Gadget, can shoot small round pebbles from one of its pipes. If you feed a whole lot of them through a funnel (which Chip does), you get fully automatic pebble spam.
- "Le Purrfect Crime" has a nice Rambo - meets - Predator spoof: After suffering from Laser-Guided Amnesia , Dale is turned into RamDale by giving him a crank-operated coffee bean gun, the Decaffeinator , with an ammo container that he carries on his back.
- In "Good Times, Bat Times", the Rangers bring the dakka themselves: The Bagpipe Express , quickly cobbled together by Gadget, can shoot small round pebbles from one of its pipes. If you feed a whole lot of them through a funnel (which Chip does), you get fully automatic pebble spam.
- Invader Zim , being a show where the main characters once fought each other by piloting planets , naturally deserves a spot on this page. Special mention also goes to Dib's Humongous Mecha in "Bad, Bad Rubber Piggy"... if only Zim accidentally provides it while trying to kill him . In one episode, Dib learns that irkens are horribly allergic to water, and tries to kill Zim by pushing him into a puddle. Then he challenges Zim to a water balloon fight. Naturally, Zim takes the rational approach to this challenge... and builds a space station that sucks all of the city's water to make a water balloon the size of a large asteroid and drops it on Dib, obliterating the entire city. In another episode, we see in Tak's flashback how Zim ruined her life by getting a humongous mecha to obliterate a vending machine that took his money, destroying half of the planet's power supply.
- In one episode, Dib learns that irkens are horribly allergic to water, and tries to kill Zim by pushing him into a puddle. Then he challenges Zim to a water balloon fight. Naturally, Zim takes the rational approach to this challenge... and builds a space station that sucks all of the city's water to make a water balloon the size of a large asteroid and drops it on Dib, obliterating the entire city.
- In another episode, we see in Tak's flashback how Zim ruined her life by getting a humongous mecha to obliterate a vending machine that took his money, destroying half of the planet's power supply.
- Megas XLR : When Coop isn't smashing the Monster of the Week into oblivion, he's (ab)using this method.
- Used hilariously in one episode of Metalocalypse , where Dethklok took a trip to the Amazon. In order to make a clearing to drop the gigantic boat that would be transporting the band, Dethklok has the Klokateers destroy a gigantic portion of the forest using several high-caliber Vulcan cannons and rapid-fire rocket launchers, tearing apart the local wildlife and Crozier's soldiers. The boat landed waaaay off target.
- In the Popeye cartoon "Olive Oyl for President", Popeye has a dream (after Olive knocks him out cold for making fun of the idea that she could be president) that she is US President, but the Congress is arguing so stubbornly about it that she calls up the Secretary of Love, which happens to be Cupid. Seeing the target rich environment for his arrows, he throws down his bow, and uses a machine gun for them instead for the desired effect.
- Robot Chicken : A sketch advertising the NRA to kids has a father take his son hunting. The kid takes a disturbing like of the sport and proceeds to blow the shit out of everything, including using grenades and "Ol' Painless", a gatling gun. Another sketch has a man beset by a werewolf, which he shoots. The werewolf tells him he should have used silver, but the man picks up a gatling gun and blasts the wolfman to mush. It doesn't end up working — he should have, in fact, used the silver bullets .
- A sketch advertising the NRA to kids has a father take his son hunting. The kid takes a disturbing like of the sport and proceeds to blow the shit out of everything, including using grenades and "Ol' Painless", a gatling gun.
- Another sketch has a man beset by a werewolf, which he shoots. The werewolf tells him he should have used silver, but the man picks up a gatling gun and blasts the wolfman to mush. It doesn't end up working — he should have, in fact, used the silver bullets .
- The Samurai Jack episode " Jack and the Three Blind Archers " has the titular archers being able to unleash so many (explosive!) arrows that an entire army is annihilated in roughly 70 seconds.
- The Simpsons : In " The Cartridge Family " (which generally pokes fun at America's gun culture — both sides of it, no less), we see an NRA meeting where Moe explains how "with a few minor adjustments you can turn a regular gun into five guns !". None of them are automatic, though. Moe has his regular shotgun in the centre, with four others around the barrel of said shotgun, held in place by pieces of metal. There are four strings that run from the shotgun's trigger to the four other guns. Moe really doesn't like people staying in the bar too late.
- Air Enforcer from Skysurfer Strike Force has Arm Cannons and rocket launchers from the top of his shoulders all the way down to his legs. His enemy, Replicon can turn any part of his body into automatic and ballistic weaponry easily rivaling the hero.
- The police force in South Park , led by Officer Yates. In fact, any organization (the FBI, the military, etc.) that uses guns will rely on this trope. Given South Park 's reputation for cartoon anti-realism, the amount of dakka on whomever's side becomes completely irrelevant in the face of what the plot demands.
- Star Wars : The Star Wars: Clone Wars miniseries has two main elements: incredibly awesome feats by the Jedi (and Grievous), and dakka. Unlike the movies, every single weapon is on full automatic at all times, and the most common tactic for both Republic and Confederacy is to place their army in front the opposing army and fire repeatedly until one side stops moving. Even the red shirts use BFGs , like a chest-mounted quad-barreled anti-ship cannon (a similar type is later seen mounted into the Millennium Falcon for point defense). Reaches its peak in the fourth episode, the Republic battle tanks possessing so much dakka that they mow through whole city blocks in mere seconds. In Star Wars: The Clone Wars , this trope is one of the main reasons the Separatists have any victories at all. As with the movies, this is also used to kill Jedi as unloading enough dakka can overwhelm their ability to deflect blaster bolts. About the only exception to this rule is Ahsoka Tano: When Order 66 goes down in season seven a large group of mind controlled clones unload their weapons at her but she deflects every bolt and then escapes. This is because at the behest of Anakin she had been training against the clones to learn how to do that almost every day for three years. Unfortunately as she's the only (known) Jedi to devote that much effort she's also the only (known) Jedi (or former Jedi) to survive such an ambush in canon. The fifth episode of Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi shows Ahsoka under going this training. Starting early in the war where she gets hit (on stun) in seconds and culminating in her being able to deflect bolts for a very prolonged period just before her resignation from the Jedi. It's also noticeable that in any appearance by Ahsoka as an adult her enemies (if they even resort to gunfire) are always well aware it most likely won't work and tend to go and find another way to (try and) deal with her (usually a lightsaber duel).
- The Star Wars: Clone Wars miniseries has two main elements: incredibly awesome feats by the Jedi (and Grievous), and dakka. Unlike the movies, every single weapon is on full automatic at all times, and the most common tactic for both Republic and Confederacy is to place their army in front the opposing army and fire repeatedly until one side stops moving. Even the red shirts use BFGs , like a chest-mounted quad-barreled anti-ship cannon (a similar type is later seen mounted into the Millennium Falcon for point defense). Reaches its peak in the fourth episode, the Republic battle tanks possessing so much dakka that they mow through whole city blocks in mere seconds.
- In Star Wars: The Clone Wars , this trope is one of the main reasons the Separatists have any victories at all. As with the movies, this is also used to kill Jedi as unloading enough dakka can overwhelm their ability to deflect blaster bolts. About the only exception to this rule is Ahsoka Tano: When Order 66 goes down in season seven a large group of mind controlled clones unload their weapons at her but she deflects every bolt and then escapes. This is because at the behest of Anakin she had been training against the clones to learn how to do that almost every day for three years. Unfortunately as she's the only (known) Jedi to devote that much effort she's also the only (known) Jedi (or former Jedi) to survive such an ambush in canon.
- The fifth episode of Star Wars: Tales of the Jedi shows Ahsoka under going this training. Starting early in the war where she gets hit (on stun) in seconds and culminating in her being able to deflect bolts for a very prolonged period just before her resignation from the Jedi. It's also noticeable that in any appearance by Ahsoka as an adult her enemies (if they even resort to gunfire) are always well aware it most likely won't work and tend to go and find another way to (try and) deal with her (usually a lightsaber duel).
- Storm Hawks : In the pilot, this actually works against Finn. He straps a ton of guns to his Skimmer's wings in preparation for fighting the Cyclonians... but the extra weight keeps throwing off his actual aim plus weighing his ride down. He actually does better when they end up blasting several of the guns off and giving him some maneuvering room. One episode features Snipe constructing a new flagship with a lot of blasters. In true More Dakka spirit, he is never satisfied, and constantly demands that more be added. This is lampshaded several times, when his subordinates point out that it is now too heavy to fly. In another episode, Piper convinces a band of scavengers to help her, and they do so by building a new ship out of whatever they can find — the end result is a couple of engines and mostly weapons bolted together.
- In the pilot, this actually works against Finn. He straps a ton of guns to his Skimmer's wings in preparation for fighting the Cyclonians... but the extra weight keeps throwing off his actual aim plus weighing his ride down. He actually does better when they end up blasting several of the guns off and giving him some maneuvering room.
- One episode features Snipe constructing a new flagship with a lot of blasters. In true More Dakka spirit, he is never satisfied, and constantly demands that more be added. This is lampshaded several times, when his subordinates point out that it is now too heavy to fly.
- In another episode, Piper convinces a band of scavengers to help her, and they do so by building a new ship out of whatever they can find — the end result is a couple of engines and mostly weapons bolted together.
- Teen Titans (2003) : We finally see what the Titans Tower security system looks like when it detects an intruder. Essentially, the ceilings are LOADED with laser turrets that all lock onto hostile targets.
- Many Transformers . Especially the god Primus ◊ from Cybertron. He's a robot that transforms into a planet the size of Saturn . In robot mode he's equipped with shoulder-mounted cannons, shoulder-mounted missile pods, wrist mounted twin barrel guns , and huge gun racks for legs with missile launchers, more missile pods, cannons, and such goodies. And did we mention he's the size of SATURN ? Other people feel proud because they have 40mm cannons. He has 40Mm cannons! That's Megameters, or 1,000,000 meters. If you give him four space-exploring spaceships, and he'll merge them into the Ark , which in itself is a Mother-Of-All BFG 's with the power to close a universe-eating black hole! Beast Wars has Rhinox and his 'Chainguns of Doom'. "Coming of the Fuzors" sees the Maximals, devoid of Optimus Primal's leadership and with Rhinox on a quest to revive their leader, facing an all-out attack from the Predacons. Dinobot's response? Head to the Wall of Weapons and load up as much weaponry as he can feasibly carry. As befitting an intergalactic arms dealer, Animated Swindle understands the need for moar dakka. In addition to his arm-mounted gun, he's got two over-the-shoulder guns, a gatling gun in his chest, and his hands both change into two twin-barreled guns. Transformers: Prime brings us Skyquake, who's primary weapon is a Transformer-sized laser gatling cannon.
- Especially the god Primus ◊ from Cybertron. He's a robot that transforms into a planet the size of Saturn . In robot mode he's equipped with shoulder-mounted cannons, shoulder-mounted missile pods, wrist mounted twin barrel guns , and huge gun racks for legs with missile launchers, more missile pods, cannons, and such goodies. And did we mention he's the size of SATURN ? Other people feel proud because they have 40mm cannons. He has 40Mm cannons! That's Megameters, or 1,000,000 meters. If you give him four space-exploring spaceships, and he'll merge them into the Ark , which in itself is a Mother-Of-All BFG 's with the power to close a universe-eating black hole!
- Beast Wars has Rhinox and his 'Chainguns of Doom'. "Coming of the Fuzors" sees the Maximals, devoid of Optimus Primal's leadership and with Rhinox on a quest to revive their leader, facing an all-out attack from the Predacons. Dinobot's response? Head to the Wall of Weapons and load up as much weaponry as he can feasibly carry.
- As befitting an intergalactic arms dealer, Animated Swindle understands the need for moar dakka. In addition to his arm-mounted gun, he's got two over-the-shoulder guns, a gatling gun in his chest, and his hands both change into two twin-barreled guns.
- Transformers: Prime brings us Skyquake, who's primary weapon is a Transformer-sized laser gatling cannon.
AN' DERE AIN'T NO SUCH FING AS ENUFF DAKKA, YA GROT! Enuff'z more than ya got an' less than too much an' there ain't no such fing as too much dakka. Say dere is, and me Squiggoff'z eatin' tonight! Translation It is widely accepted that the theoretical state of "too much dakka" is physically impossible. This implies that the state of "enough dakka" is equally impossible, as adding any more to "enough" creates "too much". Therefore, there is always room for More Dakka and to say otherwise is simply offensive to logic . If you proceed to do so anyway , I will feed you to my Squiggoth.

### Video Example(s):

## Ego kills Meredith Quill

Ego reveals that he killed Meredith, the only woman he ever loved, by giving her a brain tumor, so he could continue on with his plan "The Expansion". Peter Quill takes this about as well as you would expect.
Example of: Kick the Morality Pet
LMG in a plane
Red Beam Saber
Yuro shows Aust...
Taiyo's Training
Firefight in a ...
G.I. Robo deplo...
Yor vs Type F
Ambush
Using the minigun
Bipedal drone
MG42 GPMG
Class 3-E Roll ...
The Pandemic Sp...
Zōffy's Su...
Fire
Mad Bryan: Fury...
The GAU-17/A
The wrong rec room
Machine Gun ...
Powder goes ber...
Schweinfurt-Reg...
Red Hood’...
Missile intercept
Drone HMG
DeathstrokeR...
CBP MRAP LMG
Fight in the So...
The JGSDF Fight...
The M2HB
A Drama Out of ...
Fatman's minigu...
Sickle
Two Miniguns
Ash Kills Dr. D...
"Why shoot some...
That's A Damn M...
Typing of the D...
Marksman
Muggshot

### Alternative Title(s): Bullet Barrage , Dakka , Extreme Rapid Fire , More Gun , Kill It With Bullets

### Previous

### Index

### Next

- Mooks
- NlVoorDeLol/Legendarische Tropes
- The Movie
- Master of Unlocking
- Trope Names from Memes
- Multi-Track Drifting
- Mooks
- Pt/Índice de Tradução
- MST3K Mantra
- Warhammer
- ImageSource/Warhammer
- Our Orcs Are Different
- The Moral Substitute
- NoRealLife/Tropes L to O
- Morning Sickness
- Mix-and-Match Weapon
- Impossibly Cool Weapon
- Morph Weapon
- Macross Missile Massacre
- Spam Attack
- Magic Missile Storm
- Multiple Gunshot Death
- Wild West Tropes
- Quick Draw
- Missing Man Formation
- Military and Warfare Tropes
- Mounted Combat
- Moe Greene Special
- Guns and Gunplay Tropes
- Multiple Gunshot Death
- Julianne Moore
- QuoteSource/Cracked
- Next Sunday A.D.
- Monochromatic Impact Shot
- This Index Hits for Massive Damage
- One-Hit Kill
- Marked Bullet
- Weapons and Wielding Tropes
- Never Bring a Gun to a Knife Fight
- Macross Missile Massacre
- Quantity vs. Quality
- Rain of Arrows
- Humongous-Headed Hammer
- Bigger Is Better
- Telescoping Staff
- Money Multiplier
- ImageSource/DeviantArt
- Mundane Made Awesome
- Moose and Maple Syrup
- JustForFun/TV Tropes Café
- The Movie Buff
- Menacing Notetaker
- Rule of Cool
- Multi-Take Cut
- Mooks
- JustForFun/Tropes of Legend
- The Movie
- Show Spoilers
- Night Vision
- Sticky Header
- Wide Load
Important Links
- Indexes
- Genre Action Adventure Comedy Commercials Crime & Punishment Drama Horror Love News Professional Wrestling Speculative Fiction Sports Story War
- Action Adventure
- Comedy
- Commercials
- Crime & Punishment
- Drama
- Horror
- Love
- News
- Professional Wrestling
- Speculative Fiction
- Sports Story
- War
- Media All Media Animation (Western) Anime Comic Book Fan Fics Film Game Literature Music And Sound Effects New Media Print Media Radio Sequential Art Tabletop Games Television Theater Videogame Webcomics
- All Media
- Animation (Western)
- Anime
- Comic Book
- Fan Fics
- Film
- Game
- Literature
- Music And Sound Effects
- New Media
- Print Media
- Radio
- Sequential Art
- Tabletop Games
- Television
- Theater
- Videogame
- Webcomics
- Narrative Universal Applied Phlebotinum Characterization Characters Characters As Device Dialogue Motifs Narrative Devices Paratext Plots Settings Spectacle
- Universal
- Applied Phlebotinum
- Characterization
- Characters
- Characters As Device
- Dialogue
- Motifs
- Narrative Devices
- Paratext
- Plots
- Settings
- Spectacle
- Other Categories British Telly The Contributors Creator Speak Creators Derivative Works Language Laws And Formulas Show Business Split Personality Stock Room Trope Tropes Truth And Lies Truth In Television
- British Telly
- The Contributors
- Creator Speak
- Creators
- Derivative Works
- Language
- Laws And Formulas
- Show Business
- Split Personality
- Stock Room
- Trope
- Tropes
- Truth And Lies
- Truth In Television
- Topical Tropes Betrayal Censorship Combat Death Family Fate And Prophecy Food Holiday Memory Money Morality Politics Religion School
- Betrayal
- Censorship
- Combat
- Death
- Family
- Fate And Prophecy
- Food
- Holiday
- Memory
- Money
- Morality
- Politics
- Religion
- School
- Tools Wiki Tools Cut List Image Fixer New Edits New Articles Edit Reasons Isolated Pages Launches Images List Recent Videos Crowner Activity Un-typed Pages Recent Page Type Changes
- Wiki Tools
- Cut List
- Image Fixer
- New Edits
- New Articles
- Edit Reasons
- Isolated Pages
- Launches
- Images List
- Recent Videos
- Crowner Activity
- Un-typed Pages
- Recent Page Type Changes
- Templates Trope Entry Works Character Sheet Playing With Fandom
- Trope Entry
- Works
- Character Sheet
- Playing With
- Fandom
- Tips Creating New Redirects Cross Wicking Tips for Editing Text Formatting Rules Glossary Edit Reasons Handling Spoilers Word Cruft Administrivia FAQ
- Creating New Redirects
- Cross Wicking
- Tips for Editing
- Text Formatting Rules
- Glossary
- Edit Reasons
- Handling Spoilers
- Word Cruft
- Administrivia
- FAQ
- Changelog
- Report Bug
- Trope Repair Shop
- Image Pickin'
Advertisement:
Advertisement:

## Ego kills Meredith Quill

Ego reveals that he killed Meredith, the only woman he ever loved, by giving her a brain tumor, so he could continue on with his plan "The Expansion". Peter Quill takes this about as well as you would expect.
How well does it match the trope?
Example of:
Media sources:
Report
Ego kills Mered...
LMG in a plane
Red Beam Saber
Yuro shows Aust...
Taiyo's Training
Firefight in a ...
G.I. Robo deplo...
Yor vs Type F
Ambush
Using the minigun
Bipedal drone
MG42 GPMG
Class 3-E Roll ...
The Pandemic Sp...
Zōffy's Su...
Fire
Mad Bryan: Fury...
The GAU-17/A
The wrong rec room
Machine Gun ...
Powder goes ber...
Schweinfurt-Reg...
Red Hood’...
Missile intercept
Drone HMG
DeathstrokeR...
CBP MRAP LMG
Fight in the So...
The JGSDF Fight...
The M2HB
A Drama Out of ...
Fatman's minigu...
Sickle
Two Miniguns
Ash Kills Dr. D...
"Why shoot some...
That's A Damn M...
Typing of the D...
Marksman
Muggshot

--------------------