# OneTake.ai (Nuro.Video) - Automated AI Video Editing Software
**URL:** https://go.hotmart.com/D84258966T
**Page Title:** (1) Access to OneTake - Access to OneTake and its bonuses
--------------------

OneTake special offer
Access the software and its bonuses
Experts, trainers, coaches:
OneTake edits your video content for you. It's just a click away.
The simple tutorial with demonstration and explanations :
Replay the Live Demo, and answer all your questions:
Frequently asked questions:
Yes !
You can host your videos anywhere, as OneTake lets you download the result as an MP4 file. So you can upload the edited video to YouTube, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn or Vimeo . You can also download it to keep a copy on your computer.
However, we advise you to host your videos directly on OneTake, as this saves you time and money.
What's more, any changes you make to your videos are instantly updated if you host your videos with the OneTake player.
Yes, you can film your videos directly on your smartphone, because for most people, your smartphone is the best camera you have.
But you don't need to transfer videos from your smartphone to your computer . And you don't need to install an application on your phone.
Simply open the OneTake website on your phone.
OneTake will recognize you and ask you to click on a video you've recorded on your phone.
The video is then transferred to our servers and OneTake edits it for you. So you don't need a powerful phone, because OneTake edits everything directly on our server .
So, yes! Many of our users record all their videos on their smartphones, so it's really easy.
Yes !
We offer a simple “editor” that lets you edit your transcript like a Word document, and automatically updates the video.
You're always free at any time. OneTake gives you a link to download your edited videos. So you can always keep your videos and use another tool to host your videos if you leave OneTake.
We'd be very sad if you left us, because we want you to succeed with our help. But we never hold you hostage. You can transfer your videos to another platform at any time.
But if you stop using OneTake, you'll lose the ability to edit your videos in a single click!
So we think you should join us with this special offer and keep this incredible price forever!
Yes , you'll keep the discounted rate even if the price goes up in the future for new users.
So this special price will be the same when you renew next year, even with all the new features and upgrades you'll get!
Yes !
Simply copy the content of the page generated by OneTake, which is the transcription of the video as an article.
Then simply paste it into your blog.
The big advantage is that Google loves this type of content , which contains all the important keywords you want to highlight.
So it's excellent for your SEO, the famous natural referencing of your blog.
It's easy to get started with OneTake.
The tool guides you step by step to make your experience as pleasant as possible.
From the very first minute, you can upload your first video and “play” with the tool.
Afterwards, you'll benefit from live update sessions, during which you can ask any questions you may have.
Last but not least, you'll also have the option of asking your questions to priority support by email, who will get back to you within the day.
Yes! In several different ways:
On the OneTake.ai website or while you're using the application: simply click on the “Help me” button in the bottom left-hand corner of every page!
During live sessions 2 x per month,
to ask questions
show off your projects
And you can even request a one-to-one video call (on Zoom) to get live help!
Yes! Of course!
All you have to do is copy and paste the OneTake player code into your platform editor, and your customers will be able to play it on your page.
The advantage is that if you need to modify your video, you'll only have to do so in one place, in the OneTake editor. The modification will automatically be reflected in all the places where it is present.
Yes, Sébastien!
I will take advantage of your Irresistible Offer to create captivating, professional-quality videos...
in one click with OneTake AI!
With our irresistible offer today you receive :
- OneTake AI: artificial intelligence that edits your videos and turns them into professional presentations with a single click! Create professional videos without editing! Business” account: 30 video projects, 3 million views, usable on 5 websites.
OneTake AI: artificial intelligence that edits your videos and turns them into professional presentations with a single click! Create professional videos without editing! Business” account: 30 video projects, 3 million views, usable on 5 websites.
- OneTake Chat: Your personalized assistant that creates video scripts, training plans, content ideas and advertising copy for you! Our A.I. creates 100% personalized content for you and your business, as it learns from all your existing video content to always provide the best response.
OneTake Chat: Your personalized assistant that creates video scripts, training plans, content ideas and advertising copy for you! Our A.I. creates 100% personalized content for you and your business, as it learns from all your existing video content to always provide the best response.
- OneTake Music Composer: Your personal composer that creates the perfect music for your audience to watch your videos to the end! Our intelligent composer lets you generate unique, original musical compositions. So you can create tailor-made soundtracks for your videos, podcasts, commercials and other video content.
OneTake Music Composer: Your personal composer that creates the perfect music for your audience to watch your videos to the end! Our intelligent composer lets you generate unique, original musical compositions. So you can create tailor-made soundtracks for your videos, podcasts, commercials and other video content.
- If you create your first video project within the next 30 days, we'll upgrade your account to PREMIUM: You can use OneTake for an unlimited number of projects, unlimited duration for your videos, unlimited views on as many sites as you like - all you have to do is log in to the interface and create your first project within 30 days (even if it's a test project).
If you create your first video project within the next 30 days, we'll upgrade your account to PREMIUM: You can use OneTake for an unlimited number of projects, unlimited duration for your videos, unlimited views on as many sites as you like - all you have to do is log in to the interface and create your first project within 30 days (even if it's a test project).
- Translate your videos into over 20 languages! With voice cloning for hyper-realistic synchro!
Translate your videos into over 20 languages!
With voice cloning for hyper-realistic synchro!
- OneTake Shorts: extracts short viral videos from your long videos (interviews, podcasts!) Our AI selects the best video segments and turns them into Shorts for social media (TikTok, Instagram Reels, YouTube Shorts).
OneTake Shorts: extracts short viral videos from your long videos (interviews, podcasts!) Our AI selects the best video segments and turns them into Shorts for social media (TikTok, Instagram Reels, YouTube Shorts).
- 10 pre-programmed professional video designs and styles: These “templates” make it possible to get training videos, vertical videos for social networks (TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn...), YouTube videos and many other formats at the click of a button, with a look that makes it look as if a professional designer has spent hours editing your video!
10 pre-programmed professional video designs and styles: These “templates” make it possible to get training videos, vertical videos for social networks (TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, LinkedIn...), YouTube videos and many other formats at the click of a button, with a look that makes it look as if a professional designer has spent hours editing your video!
- White Label: Use the OneTake player in a 100% personalized way: Share your videos with your own domain name and without the OneTake logo for a 100% personalized experience.
White Label: Use the OneTake player in a 100% personalized way: Share your videos with your own domain name and without the OneTake logo for a 100% personalized experience.
- Your personalized graphic charter: Adapt your colors, fonts and video style to your graphic charter and brand image!
Your personalized graphic charter: Adapt your colors, fonts and video style to your graphic charter and brand image!
- All updates in priority: Access new features as soon as they are released
All updates in priority: Access new features as soon as they are released
- Priority after-sales service: Get answers to your questions by email, LiveChat, SMS or even individual videoconferencing on Zoom
Priority after-sales service: Get answers to your questions by email, LiveChat, SMS or even individual videoconferencing on Zoom
- Live sessions with Sébastien 2 times a month, for each new OneTake update. Ask Sébastien your questions live, talk about your current projects, and discover OneTake's new features!
Live sessions with Sébastien 2 times a month, for each new OneTake update. Ask Sébastien your questions live, talk about your current projects, and discover OneTake's new features!
- Access to the training course “Increase your income tenfold in just a few evenings and weekends” In this training course you'll discover How any entrepreneur can increase their current sales by a factor of 10, What your very first online video should be, whether you're launching a business from scratch or already have an income-generating business, How to get the most out of OneTake AI to grow your business? How to get thousands of qualified leads (via advertising), How to grow your community without spending a dime on advertising (organic traffic), How to build a huge list of motivated buyers by offering an irresistible gift, How to convert leads into customers in 5 easy steps, Cash in on record profits when your customers buy from you again and again.
Access to the training course “Increase your income tenfold in just a few evenings and weekends” In this training course you'll discover How any entrepreneur can increase their current sales by a factor of 10, What your very first online video should be, whether you're launching a business from scratch or already have an income-generating business, How to get the most out of OneTake AI to grow your business? How to get thousands of qualified leads (via advertising), How to grow your community without spending a dime on advertising (organic traffic), How to build a huge list of motivated buyers by offering an irresistible gift, How to convert leads into customers in 5 easy steps, Cash in on record profits when your customers buy from you again and again.
Your registration includes a one-year subscription:
- If you create your first video project within the next 30 days (even if it's just a “test” project to get the hang of the tool), we'll switch your account to unlimited (you can create an unlimited number of video projects, make an unlimited number of transcriptions and edits, publish your videos on as many sites as you want, and have an unlimited number of visitors and viewers on your videos hosted by OneTake).
If you create your first video project within the next 30 days (even if it's just a “test” project to get the hang of the tool), we'll switch your account to unlimited (you can create an unlimited number of video projects, make an unlimited number of transcriptions and edits, publish your videos on as many sites as you want, and have an unlimited number of visitors and viewers on your videos hosted by OneTake).
- At the end of your registration year, your subscription is non-binding. Your registration is a subscription with tacit renewal (so that we can ensure the continuity of your video and content hosting). However, should you not renew your subscription and no longer wish to edit and host your videos with OneTake, you can easily retrieve, download and host your videos elsewhere.
At the end of your registration year, your subscription is non-binding. Your registration is a subscription with tacit renewal (so that we can ensure the continuity of your video and content hosting). However, should you not renew your subscription and no longer wish to edit and host your videos with OneTake, you can easily retrieve, download and host your videos elsewhere.
- For as long as you're registered, you'll enjoy VIP treatment: you'll have access to live sessions with Sébastien and his team several times a month to ask any questions you may have and see new features demonstrated. You can also contact us at any time directly via the link on every OneTake page.
For as long as you're registered, you'll enjoy VIP treatment: you'll have access to live sessions with Sébastien and his team several times a month to ask any questions you may have and see new features demonstrated. You can also contact us at any time directly via the link on every OneTake page.
TOTAL VALUE OF THIS OneTake OFFER: $9 557 ,00
Make a name for yourself with professional videos
that Internet users will watch all the way to the end!
Get the whole irresistible offer
for just $995 per year,
OR 4x $319 (one payment per quarter)!
Please fill in the form below:
- Afghanistan +93
- Afrique du Sud +27
- Albanie +355
- Algérie +213
- Allemagne +49
- Andorre +376
- Angola +244
- Antigua-et-Barbuda +1268
- Arabie saoudite +966
- Argentine +54
- Arménie +374
- Aruba +297
- Australie +61
- Autriche +43
- Azerbaïdjan +994
- Bahamas +1242
- Bahreïn +973
- Bangladesh +880
- Barbade +1246
- Belgique +32
- Belize +501
- Bénin +229
- Bhoutan +975
- Biélorussie +375
- Bolivie +591
- Bosnie-Herzégovine +387
- Botswana +267
- Brésil +55
- Brunei +673
- Bulgarie +359
- Burkina Faso +226
- Burundi +257
- Cambodge +855
- Cameroun +237
- Canada +1
- Cap-Vert +238
- Chili +56
- Chine +86
- Chypre +357
- Colombie +57
- Comores +269
- Congo-Brazzaville +242
- Congo-Kinshasa +243
- Corée du Nord +850
- Corée du Sud +82
- Costa Rica +506
- Côte d’Ivoire +225
- Croatie +385
- Cuba +53
- Curaçao +599
- Danemark +45
- Djibouti +253
- Dominique +1767
- Égypte +20
- Émirats arabes unis +971
- Équateur +593
- Érythrée +291
- Espagne +34
- Estonie +372
- Eswatini +268
- État de la Cité du Vatican +39
- États-Unis +1
- Éthiopie +251
- Fidji +679
- Finlande +358
- France +33
- Gabon +241
- Gambie +220
- Géorgie +995
- Ghana +233
- Gibraltar +350
- Grèce +30
- Grenade +1473
- Guadeloupe +590
- Guam +1671
- Guatemala +502
- Guinée +224
- Guinée équatoriale +240
- Guinée-Bissau +245
- Guyana +592
- Guyane française +594
- Haïti +509
- Honduras +504
- Hong Kong +852
- Hongrie +36
- Îles Féroé +298
- Îles Marshall +692
- Îles Salomon +677
- Inde +91
- Indonésie +62
- Irak +964
- Iran +98
- Irlande +353
- Islande +354
- Israël +972
- Italie +39
- Jamaïque +1876
- Japon +81
- Jordanie +962
- Kazakhstan +7
- Kenya +254
- Kirghizstan +996
- Kiribati +686
- Kosovo +383
- Koweït +965
- La Réunion +262
- Laos +856
- Lesotho +266
- Lettonie +371
- Liban +961
- Liberia +231
- Libye +218
- Liechtenstein +423
- Lituanie +370
- Luxembourg +352
- Macao +853
- Macédoine du Nord +389
- Madagascar +261
- Malaisie +60
- Malawi +265
- Maldives +960
- Mali +223
- Malte +356
- Maroc +212
- Martinique +596
- Maurice +230
- Mauritanie +222
- Mexique +52
- Micronésie +691
- Moldavie +373
- Monaco +377
- Mongolie +976
- Monténégro +382
- Mozambique +258
- Myanmar (Birmanie) +95
- Namibie +264
- Nauru +674
- Népal +977
- Nicaragua +505
- Niger +227
- Nigeria +234
- Norvège +47
- Nouvelle-Calédonie +687
- Nouvelle-Zélande +64
- Oman +968
- Ouganda +256
- Ouzbékistan +998
- Pakistan +92
- Palaos +680
- Palestine +970
- Panama +507
- Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guinée +675
- Paraguay +595
- Pays-Bas +31
- Pays-Bas caribéens +599
- Pérou +51
- Philippines +63
- Pologne +48
- Polynésie française +689
- Porto Rico +1
- Portugal +351
- Qatar +974
- République centrafricaine +236
- République dominicaine +1
- Roumanie +40
- Royaume-Uni +44
- Russie +7
- Rwanda +250
- Saint-Christophe-et-Niévès +1869
- Saint-Marin +378
- Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon +508
- Saint-Vincent-et-les Grenadines +1784
- Sainte-Lucie +1758
- Salvador +503
- Samoa +685
- Sao Tomé-et-Principe +239
- Sénégal +221
- Serbie +381
- Seychelles +248
- Sierra Leone +232
- Singapour +65
- Slovaquie +421
- Slovénie +386
- Somalie +252
- Soudan +249
- Soudan du Sud +211
- Sri Lanka +94
- Suède +46
- Suisse +41
- Suriname +597
- Syrie +963
- Tadjikistan +992
- Taïwan +886
- Tanzanie +255
- Tchad +235
- Tchéquie +420
- Territoire britannique de l’océan Indien +246
- Thaïlande +66
- Timor oriental +670
- Togo +228
- Tonga +676
- Trinité-et-Tobago +1868
- Tunisie +216
- Turkménistan +993
- Turquie +90
- Tuvalu +688
- Ukraine +380
- Uruguay +598
- Vanuatu +678
- Venezuela +58
- Viêt Nam +84
- Yémen +967
- Zambie +260
- Zimbabwe +263

## Which payment plan would you like to use?

Terms of Service and Refund Policy · Privacy Policy
What is OneTake?
OneTake AI turns raw videos into professional presentations. To help experts, trainers, coaches and authors create and publish their video content, we've created OneTake.AI, the first all-in-one video editing software powered by artificial intelligence .
Useful links: OneTake's Blog · Wall of Love (reviews) · FAQ & Docs
[LINK: FAQ & Docs](https://docs.onetake.ai/en/)
Who came up with the idea?
Sébastien Night, our CEO, is the founder of the Free Entrepreneurs Movement. The Free Entrepreneurs Movement is an organization that has supported over 20,000 entrepreneur clients and 300,000 entrepreneur supporters in 41 countries since it was founded in 2010. Our mission is to encourage entrepreneurship in France, the French overseas departments and territories, Belgium, Switzerland, Canada and other French-speaking countries. To this end, we have produced the documentary film “Profession: Entrepreneur Libre”, and we provide entrepreneurs with support programs, books and resources for starting up and developing their business. After producing and editing thousands of videos himself over 15+ years, Sébastien decided to come up with a software tool that would be both incredibly powerful and utterly easy to use: OneTake .
By signing up on this website, you'll receive tips and resources for starting up and developing your business, such as our documentary movie “Profession: Entrepreneur Libre” (in French only) and much more, via the “OneTake AI” newsletter. You can unsubscribe at any time; our newsletter complies with the European General Data Protection Regulation (RGPD).
To contact Sébastien and his team, simply click here

--------------------