# only 128
**URL:** https://nationalpost.com/opinion/adam-zivo-dont-trust-the-genocide-scholars-defaming-israel
**Page Title:** Adam Zivo: Israel defamed by fake 'genocide scholars' | National Post
--------------------

Several major media outlets reported this week that an association of leading genocide scholars had passed a resolution condemning Israel’s war in Gaza. Yet, online sleuths quickly discovered that the story was a sham, as the organization has no real membership requirements and seemingly torqued its processes to reach a preordained conclusion.

## Sign In or Create an Account

The resolution, which declared that Israel’s actions “meet the legal definition of genocide,” was passed on Sunday by the International Association of Genocide Scholars (IAGS), a roughly 500-member organization that produces peer-reviewed research and biennial conferences related to the history and prevention of genocide.
Only 129 individuals participated in the vote, representing approximately 28 per cent of the IAGS’s members and barely meeting the quorum requirements established by its bylaws . Of those who voted, 86 per cent were in favour of labelling Israel’s actions genocidal.
This newsletter tackles hot topics with boldness, verve and wit. (Subscriber-exclusive edition on Fridays)
By signing up you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc.
A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder.
The next issue of Platformed will soon be in your inbox.
We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again
Interested in more newsletters? Browse here.
The story was immediately and enthusiastically amplified.
The Washington Post, for example, published an article claiming that the world’s “oldest and largest association of genocide scholars” had added their voice to “a growing chorus from human rights organizations and academics concluding that Israel is committing genocide.” The Guardian similarly published an article claiming that the “world’s leading genocide scholars” had deemed Israel guilty of the crime, while BBC’s headline read: “Israel committing genocide in Gaza, world’s leading experts say.”
Reuters, too, produced a syndicated report on how the “world’s biggest academic association of genocide scholars” had condemned Israel’s actions. “This is a definitive statement from experts in the field of genocide studies that what is going on on the ground in Gaza is genocide,” said the associations president, Melanie O’Brien, in that piece.
The majority of this reporting failed to acknowledge the fact that membership participation in the vote had been dismal. The Guardian erroneously claimed, for example, that an “overwhelmingly majority of members” had supported the resolution, while The Washington Post misleadingly quoted an IAGS board member in a manner that suggested organization-wide consensus on Israel.
In a filmed interview with ABC (an Australian channel) on Tuesday, O’Brien said that the low participation rate was “quite standard,” and claimed that the IAGS’s members “mainly consist of people who are academics, so scholarly experts, but our membership is also made up of people who come from different communities within the field of genocide prevention, education, and punishment.”
That evening, Honest Reporting, an organization dedicated to exposing anti-Israel media bias, decided to test the credibility of O’Brien’s claims about her organization’s expertise.
They discovered that, although the IAGS presents itself as an collection of “experts in the field of genocide studies,” it actually has no membership requirements . For as little as $30, anyone can join and call themselves a “genocide scholar.” Furthermore, Iraq, a country that produces a negligible amount of genocide scholarship, was inexplicably overrepresented in the membership list, with 80 individuals hailing from the country (including five faceless profiles who appeared to come from the same family).
- Jan Matejcek: Mark Carney misread Havel and misled the world NP Comment

### Jan Matejcek: Mark Carney misread Havel and misled the world

- With Poilievre's leadership review behind them, Conservatives say it's time to prepare for the next election Canadian Politics

### With Poilievre's leadership review behind them, Conservatives say it's time to prepare for the next election

- Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.
- Amanda Eskenasi: CBC fed Canadians a biased view of the Israel-Hamas war — and the data proves it NP Comment

### Amanda Eskenasi: CBC fed Canadians a biased view of the Israel-Hamas war — and the data proves it

- Subscriber only. Conrad Black: Trump isn't our problem — we are Subscriber only NP Comment

### Subscriber only. Conrad Black: Trump isn't our problem — we are

- Geoff Russ: Poilievre's populism has permanently changed the Conservatives — for the better NP Comment

### Geoff Russ: Poilievre's populism has permanently changed the Conservatives — for the better

After these findings were made public, the IAGS was inundated with new applications , many of them satirical. To the internet’s amusement, the organization’s roster of “genocide experts” grew to include Adolf Hitler , Emperor Palpatine (the Star Wars villain) and Sesame Street’s Cookie Monster wearing a Hamas headband.
The IAGS responded by shutting down its X profile, deactivating at least some of these new accounts and removing the membership list from public view.
It seems that, not only that IAGS members may be far less credentialed than claimed, its status as the world’s oldest and largest association of genocide scholars may not actually be that impressive. While there are a handful of organizations that deal with genocide education across the globe, only two position themselves as scholarly entities: the IAGS and International Network of Genocide Scholars (the latter was founded in 2005).
The framing used by some major media outlets over the past week has given the impression that the IAGS is an eminent leader in a well-populated field of competitors. In reality, it is the “oldest” and “largest” organization in a niche of two.
Further undermining the IAGS’s credibility, one longtime member, Sara Brown, published a thread on X this week claiming that the process behind the Israel resolution had been “a disaster from start to finish.” Brown, who has a PhD in genocide studies and wrote a book on Rwanda , claimed that members who opposed the resolution “tried to submit our concerns for discussion but were blocked by the leadership.”
She said that critics “were promised a town hall, which is a common practice for controversial resolutions,” only for the president (O’Brien) to reverse this. According to Brown, the association refused to disclose the resolution’s authors, which frustrated her as the document was “poorly cited,” included “unsubstantiated claims” and perpetuated “intentionally distorted” analysis. “Anyone who considers themself a genocide scholar should feel embarrassed by this vote,” she wrote.
An article written by O’Brien earlier this year for Opinio Juris, an international law blog, confirms that the president passionately believes that Israel has been committing genocide – a perspective she also alluded to in her recent ABC interview.
For now, none of the major media outlets which promoted the IAGS’s resolution have issued updates or corrections, addressing the organization’s non-existent membership standards. Thanks to this reckless journalism, many readers will be given the impression that a consensus on Israel exists among genocide scholars, when, in fact, it does not.
National Post
- Share this Story : Adam Zivo: Don't trust the 'genocide scholars' defaming Israel Copy Link Email X Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr
- Copy Link
- Email
- Reddit
- Pinterest
- LinkedIn
- Tumblr
Postmedia is committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion. Please keep comments relevant and respectful. Comments may take up to an hour to appear on the site. You will receive an email if there is a reply to your comment, an update to a thread you follow or if a user you follow comments. Visit our Community Guidelines for more information.
- Dyson V16 Piston Animal Submarine review: The upgraded wet and dry vacuum An effective and powerful dry vacuum with a submarine attachment to clean hard floors 2 days ago Home Living

### Dyson V16 Piston Animal Submarine review: The upgraded wet and dry vacuum

An effective and powerful dry vacuum with a submarine attachment to clean hard floors
- How to watch Super Bowl LX in Canada Stream the game on Sunday, Feb. 8, 2026 5 Comments 2 days ago Television

### How to watch Super Bowl LX in Canada

Stream the game on Sunday, Feb. 8, 2026
- From Bridgerton to Peaky Blinders — the ultimate filming locations road trip England's cobbled streets set the scene for this year’s most talked-about period dramas 2 days ago Travel

### From Bridgerton to Peaky Blinders — the ultimate filming locations road trip

England's cobbled streets set the scene for this year’s most talked-about period dramas
- Advertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.
- Canadian jewelry brands that are perfect for gifting These local jewelry brands are perfect for gifting at any time of year 2 days ago Fashion

### Canadian jewelry brands that are perfect for gifting

These local jewelry brands are perfect for gifting at any time of year
- I went to the 'world's best bar' and found it surprisingly casual Visitors line up for hours outside the celebrated Hong Kong spot, reports restaurant critic Peter Hum 2 days ago Travel

### I went to the 'world's best bar' and found it surprisingly casual

Visitors line up for hours outside the celebrated Hong Kong spot, reports restaurant critic Peter Hum
This website uses cookies to personalize your content (including ads), and allows us to analyze our traffic. Read more about cookies here . By continuing to use our site, you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .

## You've reached the 20 article limit.

You can manage saved articles in your account.
and save up to 100 articles!

## Looks like you've reached your saved article limit!

You can manage your saved articles in your account and clicking the X located at the bottom right of the article.

--------------------