# OVH
**URL:** https://www.ovhcloud.com
**Page Title:** Cloud Computing & Web Hosting | OVHcloud Worldwide
--------------------


## OVHcloud customer

## Engineered for Value, Built for More

Experience optimum balance of enterprise grade performance, efficiency and affordability for small to medium businesses with Advance Dedicated Servers.
Promotion: Free setup fees on selected servers
Resilient and highly available cloud Deployed in Paris and Milan
✓ For building scalable, resilient cloud-native apps ✓ Compute, Kubernetes, databases ✓ All managed with a 99.99% SLA

## Maximum Power. Minimum Surprises.

Experience cutting-edge performance with dedicated server hosting in India . Enjoy rock-solid pricing and benefit from low latency and fast response times while moving towards meeting data residency needs in India.

### Managed Databases

Take the hassle out of managing your own database and focus on effortlessly scaling your applications with MySQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Managed Caching, Cassandra, M3DB and M3 Aggregator.
Now available in Singapore region

### Advance-1 (2024)

Hosted in Asia-Pacific for low latency and fast response times
- AMD EPYC 4244P - 6c/12t - 3.8GHz/5.1GHz
AMD EPYC 4244P - 6c/12t - 3.8GHz/5.1GHz
- DDR5 ECC On-Die
DDR5 ECC On-Die
- Superfast 25Gbps Private Network
Superfast 25Gbps Private Network
Free setup fees, no commitments

### New Scale servers

As your workloads evolve, your servers should too!
- AMD EPYC 9005 “Zen 5” CPU,
AMD EPYC 9005 “Zen 5” CPU,
- 4 x 25 Gbps network connectivity
4 x 25 Gbps network connectivity
- Up to 6 PCIe Gen 5 NVMe disks
Up to 6 PCIe Gen 5 NVMe disks
- Scalable RAM and storage resources
Scalable RAM and storage resources

### Compute Instances (Gen 3)

Highly scalable & leading price to performance based on AMD platform
- New B3, C3, R3 instances up to 64 vCores
New B3, C3, R3 instances up to 64 vCores
- Optimised for General Purpose (B3), Compute (C3) or Memory (R3) workloads
Optimised for General Purpose (B3), Compute (C3) or Memory (R3) workloads
- Now in Singapore location
Now in Singapore location
Try now with free credits
- Multiple search
- Transfer your domain name

## Explore solutions specially designed for a wide range of activities

### Choose an infrastructure

Versatile dedicated servers for SMEs
Dedicated servers for building clusters
Premium customisable dedicated servers
Virtual private servers at a competitive price

### Opt for an Enterprise solution

Private Cloud
Disaster recovery plans
Migrating from your datacentre to the cloud
Connection between your physical servers and a secure cloud
Certified solutions for hosting sensitive data
Managed VMware virtualisation solution

### Start your cloud project

Pay as you go
Compute solutions
Storage solutions
Managed Kubernetes Service
Managed Databases
Data Analytics
Data Platform
AI & Machine Learning

### Manage your online presence

Find and reserve domain names
Build a website or an online store
Email Hosting - Host your business Email Address

## OVHcloud Partners and Customers

## How OVHcloud can help you

### Deploy a big data and analytics platform in less than an hour.

Get started with our pre-configured, ready-to-use Apache solution.

### Deploy instances with guaranteed resources

Our Public Cloud solutions are perfect if you need a highly scalable solution with 100% dedicated resources, 100% of the time.

### Build a website in 5 steps

Find out how to build a website easily with our hosting solutions, and the 1-click modules included with them: (WordPress, PrestaShop, Joomla!, Drupal)

### About Us

Our Global Infrastructure
- 100 Tbit/s global network capacity
- 46 datacenters implemented across 4 continents
- 44 redundant PoPs worldwide

## Why choose OVHcloud?

### Join our 1.6 million customers in a free, sustainable and trusted cloud.

### A free and unifying cloud

- Our cloud features include reversibility, open interoperability, compliance with standards—and no bandwidth cost for data recovery
- Our cloud is hybrid , you can combine private, public, bare metal and web cloud to fully adapt it to your needs
- The cloud is a collective adventure , we work hand in hand with an ecosystem of technology partners, startups and solution publishers to offer you the best options

### Global leader in a trusted cloud

- We do not sell, use or transfer your data
- Choose where to store your data and the jurisdiction that protects it from our global network
- We have the highest standards for protecting your data

### A sustainable cloud by design

- We produce our own servers and completely disassemble them to reuse them for up to 3 lifecycles
- Thanks to 20 years of innovation, we use 7 times less water to cool our servers than our competitors
- Our power usage effectiveness PUE) is 1.28 compared to the market average of 1.57
- 25 of our 46 datacentres are installed in renovated buildings
- 100% low-carbon energy by 2025
- Zero waste to landfill by 2025

### Best value for performance on the market

- We believe in a fair pricing to make the cloud accessible to all
- No hidden fees , our pricing is predictable and transparent
- No lock-out due to no (or low cost) outgoing traffic
- We build our own datacentres and servers, and orchestrate our own fibre-optic network for controlled costs
Cloud Computing & Web Hosting | OVHcloud Worldwide

## Protecting your data is our priority.

Our website and partner companies use cookies. Some of these cookies are required for the OVHcloud Group websites to work properly, and cannot be refused. OVHcloud uses other cookies that are optional. More information :
- Site performance and customisation cookies
- Targeted advertising cookies
- Sharing cookies on third-party platforms
If you click "Accept" cookies, all these categories will be enabled to optimise your online experience. To set cookies, click "Set". However, if you choose to opt out, your browsing experience may be limited.
OVHcloud will save your choice for 13 months.

--------------------