# Project
**URL:** https://zero123.cs.columbia.edu
**Page Title:** Zero-1-to-3: Zero-shot One Image to 3D Object
--------------------


## Zero-1-to-3: Zero-shot One Image to 3D Object

[LINK: Ruoshi Liu](https://ruoshiliu.github.io/)
[LINK: Pavel Tokmakov](https://pvtokmakov.github.io/home/)
[LINK: Sergey Zakharov](https://zakharos.github.io/)

## Columbia University

## Columbia University

## Columbia University

## Toyota Research Institute

## Toyota Research Institute

## Columbia University

## TL;DR: We learn to control the camera perspective in large-scale diffusion models, enabling zero-shot novel view synthesis and 3D reconstruction from a single image.

## Abstract

We introduce Zero-1-to-3 , a framework for changing the camera viewpoint of an object given just a single RGB image. To perform novel view synthesis in this under-constrained setting, we capitalize on the geometric priors that large-scale diffusion models learn about natural images. Our conditional diffusion model uses a synthetic dataset to learn controls of the relative camera viewpoint, which allow new images to be generated of the same object under a specified camera transformation. Even though it is trained on a synthetic dataset, our model retains a strong zero-shot generalization ability to out-of-distribution datasets as well as in-the-wild images, including impressionist paintings. Our viewpoint-conditioned diffusion approach can further be used for the task of 3D reconstruction from a single image. Qualitative and quantitative experiments show that our method significantly outperforms state-of-the-art single-view 3D reconstruction and novel view synthesis models by leveraging Internet-scale pre-training.

## Method

We learn a view-conditioned diffusion model that can subsequently control the viewpoint of an image containing a novel object (left). Such diffusion model can also be used to train a NeRF for 3D reconstruction (right). Please refer to our paper for more details or checkout our code for implementation.

## Novel View Synthesis

Here are some uncurated inference results from in-the-wild images we tried, along with images from the Google Scanned Objects and RTMV datsets. Note that the demo allows a limited selection of rotation angles quantized by 30 degrees due to limited storage space of the hosting server. If you want to try out a fully custom demo running on a GPU server which allows you to upload your own image, please check the live demo above or run one locally with our code !
[LINK: code](https://github.com/cvlab-columbia/zero123)

## Text to Image to Novel Views

Here are results of applying Zero-1-to-3 to images generated by Dall-E-2.

## Single-View 3D Reconstruction (Geometry)

Here are results of applying Zero-1-to-3 to obtain a full 3D reconstruction from the input image shown on the left. We compare our reconstruction with state-of-the-art models in single-view 3D reconstruction.

## Single-View 3D Reconstruction (Texture)

## Related Work

Score Jacobian Chaining: Lifting Pretrained 2D Diffusion Models for 3D Generation DreamFusion: Text-to-3D using 2D Diffusion SparseFusion: Distilling View-conditioned Diffusion for 3D Reconstruction NeuralLift-360: Lifting An In-the-wild 2D Photo to A 3D Object with 360° Views NeRDi: Single-View NeRF Synthesis with Language-Guided Diffusion as General Image Priors RealFusion: 360° Reconstruction of Any Object from a Single Image
[LINK: DreamFusion: Text-to-3D using 2D Diffusion](https://dreamfusion3d.github.io/)
[LINK: SparseFusion: Distilling View-conditioned Diffusion for 3D Reconstruction](https://sparsefusion.github.io/)
[LINK: NeuralLift-360: Lifting An In-the-wild 2D Photo to A 3D Object with 360° Views](https://vita-group.github.io/NeuralLift-360/)

## BibTeX


--------------------