# RFC 9309
**URL:** https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc9309.html
**Page Title:** RFC 9309: Robots Exclusion Protocol
--------------------


## RFC 9309

## Robots Exclusion Protocol

## Abstract

This document specifies and extends the "Robots Exclusion Protocol"
          method originally defined by Martijn Koster in 1994 for service owners
          to control how content served by their services may be accessed, if at
          all, by automatic clients known as crawlers. Specifically, it adds
          definition language for the protocol, instructions for handling
          errors, and instructions for caching. ¶

## Status of This Memo

This is an Internet Standards Track document. ¶
This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
            (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
            received public review and has been approved for publication by
            the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further
            information on Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of 
            RFC 7841. ¶
Information about the current status of this document, any
            errata, and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9309 . ¶

## Copyright Notice

Copyright (c) 2022 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
            document authors. All rights reserved. ¶
This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
            Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
            ( https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info ) in effect on the date of
            publication of this document. Please review these documents
            carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with
            respect to this document. Code Components extracted from this
            document must include Revised BSD License text as described in
            Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without
            warranty as described in the Revised BSD License. ¶

## Table of Contents

## 1. Introduction

This document applies to services that provide resources that clients
          can access through URIs as defined in [ RFC3986 ] . For example,
          in the context of HTTP, a browser is a client that displays the content of a
          web page. ¶
Crawlers are automated clients. Search engines, for instance, have crawlers to
          recursively traverse links for indexing as defined in [ RFC8288 ] . ¶
It may be inconvenient for service owners if crawlers visit the entirety of
          their URI space. This document specifies the rules originally defined by
          the "Robots Exclusion Protocol" [ ROBOTSTXT ] that crawlers
          are requested to honor when accessing URIs. ¶
These rules are not a form of access authorization. ¶

### 1.1. Requirements Language

The key words " MUST ", " MUST NOT ",
        " REQUIRED ", " SHALL ",
        " SHALL NOT ", " SHOULD ",
        " SHOULD NOT ",
        " RECOMMENDED ", " NOT RECOMMENDED ",
        " MAY ", and " OPTIONAL " in this document
        are to be interpreted as described in BCP 14 [ RFC2119 ] [ RFC8174 ] when, and only
        when, they appear in all capitals, as shown here. ¶

## 2. Specification

### 2.1. Protocol Definition

The protocol language consists of rule(s) and group(s) that the service
            makes available in a file named "robots.txt" as described in Section 2.3 : ¶

### 2.2. Formal Syntax

Below is an Augmented Backus-Naur Form (ABNF) description, as described
            in [ RFC5234 ] . ¶
Crawlers set their own name, which is called a product token, to find
              relevant groups. The product token MUST contain only
              uppercase and lowercase letters ("a-z" and "A-Z"),
              underscores ("_"), and hyphens ("-").
              The product token SHOULD be a substring of the identification string that the crawler sends to
              the service. For example, in the case of HTTP [ RFC9110 ] , the product token SHOULD be a substring in the User-Agent header.
              The identification string SHOULD describe the purpose of
              the crawler. Here's an example of a User-Agent HTTP request header
              with a link pointing to a page describing the purpose of the
              ExampleBot crawler, which appears as a substring in the User-Agent HTTP
              header and as a product token in the robots.txt user-agent line: ¶
Note that the product token (ExampleBot) is a substring of
            the User-Agent HTTP header. ¶
Crawlers MUST use case-insensitive matching
              to find the group that matches the product token and then
              obey the rules of the group. If there is more than one
              group matching the user-agent, the matching groups' rules MUST be combined into one group and parsed
              according to Section 2.2.2 . ¶
If no matching group exists, crawlers MUST obey the group
              with a user-agent line with the "*" value, if present. ¶
If no group matches the product token and there is no group with a user-agent
              line with the "*" value, or no groups are present at all, no
              rules apply. ¶
These lines indicate whether accessing a URI that matches the
              corresponding path is allowed or disallowed. ¶
To evaluate if access to a URI is allowed, a crawler MUST match the paths in "allow" and "disallow" rules against the URI.
              The matching SHOULD be case sensitive. The matching MUST start with the first octet of the path. The most
              specific match found MUST be used. The most specific
              match is the match that has the most octets. Duplicate rules in a
              group MAY be deduplicated. If an "allow" rule and a "disallow"
              rule are equivalent, then the "allow" rule SHOULD be used. If no
              match is found amongst the rules in a group for a matching user-agent
              or there are no rules in the group, the URI is allowed. The
              /robots.txt URI is implicitly allowed. ¶
Octets in the URI and robots.txt paths outside the range of the
              ASCII coded character set, and those in the reserved range defined
              by [ RFC3986 ] , MUST be percent-encoded as
              defined by [ RFC3986 ] prior to comparison. ¶
If a percent-encoded ASCII octet is encountered in the URI, it MUST be unencoded prior to comparison, unless it is a
              reserved character in the URI as defined by [ RFC3986 ] or the character is outside the unreserved character range. The match
              evaluates positively if and only if the end of the path from the rule
              is reached before a difference in octets is encountered. ¶
For example: ¶
The crawler SHOULD ignore "disallow" and
              "allow" rules that are not in any group (for example, any
              rule that precedes the first user-agent line). ¶
Implementors MAY bridge encoding mismatches if they
              detect that the robots.txt file is not UTF-8 encoded. ¶
Crawlers MUST support the following special characters: ¶
If crawlers match special characters verbatim in the URI, crawlers SHOULD use "%" encoding. For example: ¶
Crawlers MAY interpret other records that are not
              part of the robots.txt protocol -- for example, "Sitemaps" [ SITEMAPS ] . Crawlers MAY be lenient when
              interpreting other records. For example, crawlers may accept
              common misspellings of the record. ¶
Parsing of other records MUST NOT interfere with the parsing of explicitly
              defined records in Section 2 .
              For example, a "Sitemaps" record MUST NOT terminate a
              group. ¶

### 2.3. Access Method

The rules MUST be accessible in a file named
          "/robots.txt" (all lowercase) in the top-level path of
          the service. The file MUST be UTF-8 encoded (as
          defined in [ RFC3629 ] ) and Internet Media Type
          "text/plain"
          (as defined in [ RFC2046 ] ). ¶
As per [ RFC3986 ] , the URI of the robots.txt file is: ¶
"scheme:[//authority]/robots.txt" ¶
For example, in the context of HTTP or FTP, the URI is: ¶
If the crawler successfully downloads the robots.txt file, the
              crawler MUST follow the parseable rules. ¶
It's possible that a server responds to a robots.txt fetch
              request with a redirect, such as HTTP 301 or HTTP 302 in the
              case of HTTP. The crawlers SHOULD follow at
              least five consecutive redirects, even across authorities
              (for example, hosts in the case of HTTP). ¶
If a robots.txt file is reached within five consecutive
              redirects, the robots.txt file MUST be fetched,
              parsed, and its rules followed in the context of the initial
              authority. ¶
If there are more than five consecutive redirects, crawlers MAY assume that the robots.txt file is
              unavailable. ¶
"Unavailable" means the crawler tries to fetch the robots.txt file
              and the server responds with status codes indicating that the resource in question is unavailable. For
              example, in the context of HTTP, such status codes are
              in the 400-499 range. ¶
If a server status code indicates that the robots.txt file is
              unavailable to the crawler, then the crawler MAY access any
              resources on the server. ¶
If the robots.txt file is unreachable due to server or network
              errors, this means the robots.txt file is undefined and the crawler MUST assume complete disallow. For example, in
              the context of HTTP, server errors are identified by status codes
              in the 500-599 range. ¶
If the robots.txt file is undefined for a reasonably long period of
              time (for example, 30 days), crawlers MAY assume that
              the robots.txt file is unavailable as defined in Section 2.3.1.3 or continue to use a cached
              copy. ¶
Crawlers MUST try to parse each line of the
              robots.txt file. Crawlers MUST use the parseable
              rules. ¶

### 2.4. Caching

Crawlers MAY cache the fetched robots.txt file's
          contents. Crawlers MAY use standard cache control as
          defined in [ RFC9111 ] . Crawlers SHOULD NOT use the cached version for more than 24
          hours, unless the robots.txt file is unreachable. ¶

### 2.5. Limits

Crawlers SHOULD impose a parsing limit to protect their systems;
          see Section 3 . The parsing limit MUST be at least
          500 kibibytes [ KiB ] . ¶

## 3. Security Considerations

The Robots Exclusion Protocol is not a substitute for valid
          content security measures. Listing paths in the robots.txt file
          exposes them publicly and thus makes the paths discoverable. To
          control access to the URI paths in a robots.txt file, users of
          the protocol should employ a valid security measure relevant to
          the application layer on which the robots.txt file is served --
          for example, in the case of HTTP, HTTP Authentication as defined in [ RFC9110 ] . ¶
To protect against attacks against their system, implementors
          of robots.txt parsing and matching logic should take the
          following considerations into account: ¶

## 4. IANA Considerations

This document has no IANA actions. ¶

## 5. Examples

### 5.1. Simple Example

The following example shows: ¶

### 5.2. Longest Match

The following example shows that in the case of two rules, the
            longest one is used for matching. In the following case,
            /example/page/disallowed.gif MUST be used for
            the URI example.com/example/page/disallow.gif. ¶

## 6. References

### 6.1. Normative References

### 6.2. Informative References

## Authors' Addresses


--------------------