# Robot Chef
**URL:** https://azmar-online-eu.web.app/robot-chef.html
**Page Title:** Robot Chef
--------------------

- Consent
- Details
- [#IABV2SETTINGS#]
- About
- Necessary cookies help make a website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation and access to secure areas of the website. The website cannot function properly without these cookies. Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider CONSENT Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Cookiebot 1 Learn more about this provider CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Maximum Storage Duration : 1 year Type : HTTP Cookie
- YouTube 1 Learn more about this provider CONSENT Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Maximum Storage Duration : 2 years Type : HTTP Cookie
- Preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
- Statistic cookies help website owners to understand how visitors interact with websites by collecting and reporting information anonymously. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.
- Marketing cookies are used to track visitors across websites. The intention is to display ads that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and thereby more valuable for publishers and third party advertisers. YouTube 14 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- YouTube 14 Learn more about this provider LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : 1 day Type : HTTP Cookie VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Maximum Storage Duration : 180 days Type : HTTP Cookie YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTTP Cookie YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : IndexedDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Persistent Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Maximum Storage Duration : Session Type : HTML Local Storage
- Unclassified cookies are cookies that we are in the process of classifying, together with the providers of individual cookies. We do not use cookies of this type.
We do not use cookies of this type.

## Robot Chef

## Description

Make both your cooking and your life easier with the help of the AI. Available in 7 languages: English, Spanish, French, German, Portuguese, Italian, Croatian. Introducing Robot Chef - Quick AI Recipes , the ultimate kitchen buddy that adds fun and creativity to your cooking experiences! This app features two funny robots who are here to assist you and provide culinary inspiration: ● Meet Robot Chef the playful AI chef that transforms your meal ideas into amazing recipes. Just tell Robot Chef what you're craving, and behold as it creates a special recipe tailored to you. Whether you're in the mood for traditional comfort food or daring culinary adventures, Robot Chef's creativity has no limits. ● Let's meet Fanciful Robot too: this bot will surprise you with a random dish and a fun recipe. You can give some details like the dish's nationality, type, and ingredients, and Fanciful Robot will come up with a creative creation that will leave you amazed and entertained. ● But wait, there's more! Utilizing AI-generated images , the app also shows pictures of the dishes (although they may not always be accurate, but at least they can be funny). It adds an extra layer of fun to your cooking experience and sparks your imagination. ● Worried about dietary restrictions or specific preferences? Robot Chef has you covered! Explore nutritional values for each recipe, adjust serving sizes from 1 to 10 people, and even filter for special dietary needs like vegan-friendly , lactose-free , or gluten-free options. It's a convenient solution for all your culinary needs. Is this all that Robot Chef can offer? I don't think so! ● Unlock the entire Main Story of Robot Chef, using robot points (earned by generating recipes). The story is divided into 20 chapters, each of which will offer different rewards (such as free tokens, new themes, or even free tokens every day). Get ready for a unique kitchen experience with Robot Chef - Quick AI Recipes . Let your inner chef shine, embrace the unexpected, and savor the joy of creative cooking with these lovable and funny bots. Get ready to be amazed, entertained, and inspired as you embark on a delightful culinary journey! Disclaimer: The AI-generated recipes may have unexpected results. Consume them at your own risk and be prepared for a wild culinary adventure!

--------------------