# RT-2
**URL:** https://robotics-transformer2.github.io
**Page Title:** RT-2: Vision-Language-Action Models
--------------------


## RT2: Vision-Language-Action Models

RT-2 model picking up object given the prompt "pick up the extinct animal."

## RT-2: Vision-Language-Action Models Transfer Web Knowledge to Robotic Control

- Anthony Brohan
- Noah Brown
- Justice Carbajal
- Yevgen Chebotar
- Xi Chen
- Krzysztof Choromanski
- Tianli Ding
- Danny Driess
- Avinava Dubey
- Chelsea Finn
- Pete Florence
- Chuyuan Fu
- Montse Gonzalez Arenas
- Keerthana Gopalakrishnan
- Kehang Han
- Karol Hausman
- Alex Herzog
- Jasmine Hsu
- Brian Ichter
- Alex Irpan
- Nikhil Joshi
- Ryan Julian
- Dmitry Kalashnikov
- Yuheng Kuang
- Isabel Leal
- Lisa Lee
- Tsang-Wei Edward Lee
- Sergey Levine
- Yao Lu
- Henryk Michalewski
- Igor Mordatch
- Karl Pertsch
- Kanishka Rao
- Krista Reymann
- Michael Ryoo
- Grecia Salazar
- Pannag Sanketi
- Pierre Sermanet
- Jaspiar Singh
- Anikait Singh
- Radu Soricut
- Huong Tran
- Vincent Vanhoucke
- Quan Vuong
- Ayzaan Wahid
- Stefan Welker
- Paul Wohlhart
- Jialin Wu
- Fei Xia
- Ted Xiao
- Peng Xu
- Sichun Xu
- Tianhe Yu
- Brianna Zitkovich
- Paper
- Blogpost
- Demo
- Videos
- RT-1
[LINK: RT-1](https://robotics-transformer1.github.io/)

### Abstract

We study how vision-language models trained on Internet-scale data can be incorporated directly into end-to-end robotic control to boost generalization and enable emergent semantic reasoning. Our goal is to enable a single end-to-end trained model to both learn to map robot observations to actions and enjoy the benefits of large-scale pretraining on language and vision-language data from the web. To this end, we propose to co-fine-tune state-of-the-art vision-language models on both robotic trajectory data and Internet-scale vision-language tasks, such as visual question answering. In contrast to other approaches, we propose a simple, general recipe to achieve this goal: in order to fit both natural language responses and robotic actions into the same format, we express the actions as text tokens and incorporate them directly into the training set of the model in the same way as natural language tokens. We refer to such category of models as vision-language-action models (VLA) and instantiate an example of such a model, which we call RT-2. Our extensive evaluation (6k evaluation trials) shows that our approach leads to performant robotic policies and enables RT-2 to obtain a range of emergent capabilities from Internet-scale training. This includes significantly improved generalization to novel objects, the ability to interpret commands not present in the robot training data (such as placing an object onto a particular number or icon), and the ability to perform rudimentary reasoning in response to user commands (such as picking up the smallest or largest object, or the one closest to another object). We further show that incorporating chain of thought reasoning allows RT-2 to perform multi-stage semantic reasoning, for example figuring out which object to pick up for use as an improvised hammer (a rock), or which type of drink is best suited for someone who is too sleepy (an energy drink).

### Approach Overview

To make RT-2 easily compatible with large, pre-trained vision-language models, our recipe is simple: we represent robot actions as another language, which can be cast into text tokens and trained together with Internet-scale vision-language datasets. In particular, we co-fine-tune (a combination of fine-tuning and co-training where we keep some of the old vision & text data around) an existing vision-language model with robot data. The robot data includes the current image, language command and the robot action at the particular time step. We represent the robot actions as text strings as shown below. An example of such a string could be a sequence of robot action token numbers: “1 128 91 241 5 101 127 217”.
Since actions are represented as text strings, one can think of them as another language that allows us to operate the robot. This simple representation makes it straightforward to fine-tune any existing vision-language model and turn it into a vision-language-action model During inference, the text tokens are de-tokenized into robot actions, enabling closed loop control. This allows us to leverage the backbone and pretraining of vision-language models in learning robotic policies, transferring some of their generalization, semantic understanding, and reasoning to robotic control.

### Results

We start the evaluation of RT-2 with testing the emergent properties of the model. Since we can't fully anticipate the extend of RT-2's generalization, we present a number of previously unseen objects to the robot and evaluate its performance on tasks that require semantic understanding that goes far beyond the robot data that the model was fine-tuned on. You can see qualitative examples of successful tasks that we found surprising below:
To quantify the emergent properties of RT-2, we categorize them into: symbol understanding, reasoning and human recognition and evaluate two variants of RT-2:
- RT-2 trained on top of PaLM-E (12B parameters),
[LINK: PaLM-E](palm-e.github.io)
- RT-2 trained on top of PaLI-X (55B parameters)
[LINK: RT-1](robotics-transformer1.github.io")
[LINK: VC-1](https://eai-vc.github.io/)
We evaluate the two variants of RT-2, together with more baselines in a blind A/B study and present the results across multiple generalization axes below. The resulting generalization improvement of RT-2 is approximately 2x.
To better understand how different design choices of RT-2 impact the generalization results we ablate the two most significant design decisions:
- the model size: 5B vs 55B for the RT-2 PaLI-X variant,
- training recipe: training the model from scratch vs fine-tuning vs co-fine-tuning.
We also evaluate RT-2 on an open-source language-table benchmark where we train RT-2 on simulation and real language-table data. In addition to achieving the state-of-the-art result on the simulation benchmark (90% vs 77% of the previous SoTA), we evaluate the resulting model in the real world. We demonstrate RT-2's generalization capabilities with the objects never seen in language table datasets before such as ketchup bottle, banana and others:
[LINK: language-table benchmark](https://github.com/google-research/language-table)
Lastly, since the resulting RT-2 PaLM-E version of the model is a vision-language-action model that can act as an LLM, VLM and a robotic controller all in a single neural network, we demonstrate that RT-2 can perform chain-of-thought reasoning for control. In the examples below RT-2 first outputs a few reasoning steps in natural language which are then followed by the string: `Action:` and the resulting action tokens.
This shows the promise of fully integrated VLA models that can transfer not only some of the semantic concepts across different modalities (e.g. generalize robot actions to new semantic categories) but also some of the properties of the underlying models (e.g. chain-of-thought reasoning).

### Demo

### Videos

Below, we show a few videos showing examples of RT-2 execution. We show that RT-2 is able to generalize to new objects, new environments, and new tasks. RT-2 is able to generalize to a variety of real-world situations that require reasoning, symbol understanding, and human recognition.

### Citation

### Acknowledgements

We would like to thank John Guilyard for the amazing animations used for this website and beyond. The authors would like to acknowledge Fred Alcober, Jodi Lynn Andres, Carolina Parada, Joseph Dabis,
Rochelle Dela Cruz, Jessica Gomez, Gavin Gonzalez, Tomas Jackson, Jie Tan, Scott
Lehrer, Dee M, Utsav Malla, Sarah Nguyen, Jane Park, Emily Perez, Elio Prado, Jornell Quiambao,
Clayton Tan, Jodexty Therlonge, Eleanor Tomlinson, Wenxuan Zhou, Boyuan Chen, and the greater Google DeepMind team for their feedback and contributions. The website template was borrowed from Jon Barron .

--------------------