# Rust
**URL:** https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install
**Page Title:** Install Rust - Rust Programming Language
--------------------

It looks like you’re running macOS, Linux, or another Unix-like OS. To download Rustup and install Rust, run the following in your terminal, then follow the on-screen instructions. See "Other Installation Methods" if you are on Windows.
It looks like you’re running Windows. To start using Rust, download the installer, then run the program and follow the onscreen instructions. You may need to install the Visual Studio C++ Build tools when prompted to do so. If you are not on Windows see "Other Installation Methods" .
[LINK: Visual Studio C++ Build tools](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/installation/windows-msvc.html)

### Windows Subsystem for Linux

If you’re a Windows Subsystem for Linux user run the following in your terminal, then follow the on-screen instructions to install Rust.
To install Rust, if you are running a Unix such as WSL, Linux or macOS, run the following in your terminal, then follow the on-screen instructions.
If you are running Windows, download and run rustup‑init.exe then follow the on-screen instructions.

### Getting started

If you're just getting started with
Rust and would like a more detailed walk-through, see our getting started page.

### Windows considerations

On Windows, Rust additionally requires the MSVC build tools
  for Visual Studio 2013 or later. See MSVC prerequistes
[LINK: MSVC prerequistes](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/installation/windows-msvc.html)
For further information about configuring Rust on Windows see the Windows-specific rustup documentation .
[LINK: Windows-specific rustup documentation](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/installation/windows.html)

### Toolchain management with rustup

Rust is installed and managed by the rustup tool. Rust has a 6-week rapid release process and supports a great
  number of platforms , so there are many builds of Rust available at
  any time. rustup manages these builds in a consistent way
  on every platform that Rust supports, enabling installation of Rust
  from the beta and nightly release channels as well as support for
  additional cross-compilation targets.
[LINK: rustup](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/)
[LINK: rapid release process](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/blob/master/text/0507-release-channels.md)
If you've installed rustup in the past, you can update
  your installation by running rustup update .
For more information see the rustup documentation .
[LINK: rustup documentation](https://rust-lang.github.io/rustup/)

### Configuring the PATH environment
variable

In the Rust development environment, all tools are installed to the ~/.cargo/bin %USERPROFILE%\.cargo\bin directory, and this is where you will find the Rust toolchain,
  including rustc , cargo , and rustup .
Accordingly, it is customary for Rust developers to include this
  directory in their PATH environment variable . During installation rustup will attempt to configure the PATH .
  Because of differences between platforms, command shells, and bugs in rustup , the modifications to PATH may not
  take effect until the console is restarted, or the user is logged out,
  or it may not succeed at all.
If, after installation, running rustc --version in the
  console fails, this is the most likely reason.

### Uninstall Rust

If at any point you would like to uninstall Rust, you can run rustup self uninstall .
  We'll miss you though!
The installation described above, via rustup , is the preferred way to install Rust for most
developers. However, Rust can be installed via other methods as well.

--------------------