# SEINE
**URL:** https://vchitect.github.io/SEINE-project
**Page Title:** SEINE: Short-to-Long Vidoes Diffusion Model for Generative Transition and Prediction
--------------------


## SEINE: Short-to-Long Video Diffusion Model for Generative Transition and Prediction

[LINK: Yaohui Wang](https://wyhsirius.github.io/)
[LINK: Xin Ma](https://maxin-cn.github.io/)
[LINK: Ziwei Liu](https://liuziwei7.github.io/)
[LINK: Code](https://github.com/Vchitect/SEINE)

## Image-to-Video Generation

## (Click image to play video)

Input image
Input Image
Input Image

## Transition Results

## (Click image to play video)

Scene 1
Scene 2
Scene 1
Scene 2
Scene 1
Scene 2

## Diverse Results for Transition

## (Click image to play transition video)

## Example 1

Reference scenes

## Example 2

Reference scenes

## Auto-regressive Video Prediction Results

## (Click image to play video)

## Long Video Demo

## The red boxes represent the transitions generated by our model, while the blue boxes (in the end of video) represent the long-shot videos generated through prediction.

Notes：Our model excels with a width of 512 pixels. For results of larger sizes, a super-resolution algorithm is employed.

## Abstract

Recently video generation has achieved substantial progress with realistic results. Nevertheless, existing AI-generated videos are usually very short clips ("shot-level'') depicting a single scene. To deliver a coherent long video ("story-level''), it is desirable to have creative transition and prediction effects across different clips. This paper presents a short-to-long video diffusion model, SEINE, that focuses on generative transition and prediction. The goal is to generate high-quality long videos with smooth and creative transitions between scenes and varying lengths of shot-level videos. Specifically, we propose a random-mask video diffusion model to automatically generate transitions based on textual descriptions. By providing the images of different scenes as inputs, combined with text-based control, our model generates transition videos that ensure coherence and visual quality. Furthermore, the model can be readily extended to various tasks such as image-to-video animation and autoregressive video prediction. To conduct a comprehensive evaluation of this new generative task, we propose three assessing criteria for smooth and creative transition: temporal consistency, semantic similarity, and video-text semantic alignment. Extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of our approach over existing methods for generative transition and prediction, enabling the creation of story-level long videos.

--------------------