# Trellis 3D
**URL:** https://trellis3d.github.io
**Page Title:** TRELLIS: Structured 3D Latents for Scalable and Versatile 3D Generation
--------------------

[LINK: Jianfeng Xiang](https://jeffreyxiang.github.io)
[LINK: Zelong Lv](https://github.com/MaxtirError)
[LINK: Sicheng Xu](https://github.com/sicxu)
[LINK: Yu Deng](https://yudeng.github.io)
[LINK: Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/TRELLIS)
* Generated by T RELLIS , using its image to 3D assets cabilities.
The appearance and geometry shown in this page are rendered from 3D Gaussians and meshes, respectively.
                GLB files are extracted by baking appearance from 3D Gaussians to meshes.
All text prompts are generated by GPT-4. Click on the cards to view extracted GLB files.
Image prompts are generated by DALL-E 3. Click on the cards to view extracted GLB files.
T RELLIS can generates variants of a given 3D asset coherent with given text prompts.
T RELLIS can manipulate targeted local regions of a given 3D asset according to given text or image prompts.
Compositing the high-quality 3D assets generated by T RELLIS ,
                complex and vibrant 3D art designs can be created with ease.
We introduce Structured LATents ( SL AT ),
                a unified 3D latent representation for high-quality, versatile 3D generation. SL AT marries sparse structures with powerful visual representations. It defines local latents on active voxels intersecting the object's surface.
                The local latents are encoded by fusing and processing image features from densely rendered views of the 3D asset, while attaches them onto active voxels.
                These features, derived from powerful pretrained vision encoders, capture detailed geometric and visual characteristics, complementing the coarse structure provided by the active voxels.
                Different decoders can then be applied to map SL AT to diverse 3D representations of high quality.
Building on SL AT , we train a family of large 3D generation models, dubbed T RELLIS , with text prompts or images as conditions.
                A two stage pipeline is applied which first generates the sparse structure of SL AT , followed by generating the latent vectors for non-empty cells.
                We employ rectified flow transformers as our backbone models and adapt them properly to handle the sparsity in SL AT .
                We train Trellis with up to 2 billion parameters on a large dataset of carefully-collected 3D assets. T RELLIS can create high-quality 3D assets with detailed geometry and vivid texture, significantly surpassing previous methods.
                Moreover, it can easily generate 3D assets with different output formats to meet diverse downstream requirements.
If you find our work useful, please consider citing:
@article{xiang2024structured,
    title   = {Structured 3D Latents for Scalable and Versatile 3D Generation},
    author  = {Xiang, Jianfeng and Lv, Zelong and Xu, Sicheng and Deng, Yu and Wang, Ruicheng and 
               Zhang, Bowen and Chen, Dong and Tong, Xin and Yang, Jiaolong},
    journal = {arXiv preprint arXiv:2412.01506},
    year    = {2024}
}
Responsible AI Considerations TRELLIS is purely a research project. Responsible AI considerations were factored into all stages. The datasets used in this paper are public and have been reviewed to ensure there is no personally identifiable information or harmful content. However, as these datasets are sourced from the Internet, potential bias may still be present. Currently the model excels at generating artistic-style 3D assets and its capability in generating photorealistic real-world objects is limited.
Material Disclaimer The materials made available on this page are provided solely for academic and research purposes in connection with the exploration of text-to-3D and image-to-3D generation technologies, as described in the publication accessible at https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.01506. These materials are not intended for commercial exploitation or use.
If you believe that any content on this page infringes upon your intellectual property rights, including but not limited to copyright, please notify us by submitting a takedown request via email to jiaoyan (at) microsoft.com.
[LINK: Contact Us on GitHub](https://github.com/microsoft/TRELLIS/issues)

--------------------