# TV's
**URL:** https://www.rtings.com
**Page Title:** Reviews and Ratings - RTINGS.com
--------------------


## FIND THE BEST PRODUCT FOR YOUR NEEDS

We purchase our own products and put them under the same test bench so you can easily compare the results. No cherry-picked units sent by brands. Only real tests.
Support our independence and get access to more information and features Get insider access
Select a product category
- Monitors
- Mice
- Keyboards
- Printers
- Routers
- VPNs
- Keyboard Switches
- Laptops
- Televisions
- Soundbars
- Projectors
- Headphones
- Speakers
- Vacuums
- Robot Vacuums
- Dehumidifiers
- Air Conditioners
- Mattresses
- Humidifiers
- Air Purifiers
- Cameras
- Toasters
- Air Fryers
- Blenders
- Microwaves
- Refrigerators
- Toaster Ovens
- Running Shoes

## What's New

## R&D In The Lab

## How we protect our independence

How we buy, test, and publish, with no manufacturer influence.

### We Buy Our Own Products

We buy every unit ourselves, so manufacturers can't cherry-pick samples. What we test is exactly what you'd get.

### No Paid or Sponsored Reviews

Our in-depth, real-world tests evolve with user feedback, ensuring reviews stay detailed, practical, and relevant.
                  Our community votes what to review next

### Transparent Testing Methodology

Each product undergoes the same rigorous tests, and we publish the methods, photos, and videos so you can verify and compare results.
- About us
- How We Make Money
- Insider Access
- Careers
- Review Unit Resale
- Out of Spec
- Forum Guidelines
- Contact us
- Privacy Policy
- Terms of Use
- Corporate Site
- Newsletters
- YouTube
- R&D on YouTube
- RSS
- Discord
- Facebook
- Instagram

--------------------